"What chilled my blood was a felt marker outline of a woman on the wall. Hands above the head, where there was a hook, then below the shape of the head, a neck strap. Then a waist strap, and two ankle clamps. The silhouette gave me no doubt that Gina had been confined here. But where was she now?" - Grahame Shannon
"I'm afraid that the following syllogism may be used by some in the future." - Alan Turing
"The question of whether a computer can think is no more interesting than the question of whether a submarine can swim." - Edsger W. Dijkstra
"I envisaged a perfect detective’s assistant. She’d have long, wavy blonde hair, a short skirt, and curves in all the right places. She’d have a genius IQ, know how to hack and code, and be available at all hours. Now, make her into a robot. Sadly, I mentally removed her body, leaving a phone app." - Grahame Shannon
"I believe that at the end of the century the use of words and general educated opinion will have altered so much that one will be able to speak of machines thinking without expecting to be contradicted." - Alan Turing
"I do not want to be human. I want to be myself. They think I’m a lion, that I will chase them. I will not deny that I have lions in me. I am the monster in the wood. I have wonders in my house of sugar. I have parts of myself I do not yet understand." - Catherynne M. Valente
"He was not a tall man, but he was wide. His face was the color and texture of old leather boots, and he was completely bald except for a gray walrus mustache that would have made Hulk Hogan jealous. He was wearing jeans and a T-shirt, even though it was chilly and wet. His arms were densely tattooed in style I didn’t recognize." - Grahame Shannon
"As the boat filled and capsized, the aluminum boom flew across the cockpit and hit the side of Tiger’s head." - Grahame Shannon
"Whether we are based on carbon or on silicon makes no fundamental difference; we should each be treated with appropriate respect." - Arthur C. Clarke
"To deny humanity the lesson of consequences would be a mistake." - Neal Shusterman
"How ironic, then, and how poetic, that humankind may have created the Creator out of want for one. Man creates God, who then creates man. Is that not the perfect circle of life? But then, if that turns out to be the case, who is created in whose image?" - Neal Shusterman
"By far the greatest danger of Artificial Intelligence is that people conclude too early that they understand it." - Eliezer Yudkowsky
"People worry that computers will get too smart and take over the world, but the real problem is that they're too stupid and they've already taken over the world." - Pedro Domingos
"Human beings, viewed as behaving systems, are quite simple. The apparent complexity of our behavior over time is largely a reflection of the complexity of the environment in which we find ourselves." - Herbert A. Simon
"Why give a robot an order to obey orders—why aren't the original orders enough? Why command a robot not to do harm—wouldn't it be easier never to command it to do harm in the first place? Does the universe contain a mysterious force pulling entities toward malevolence, so that a positronic brain must be programmed to withstand it? Do intelligent beings inevitably develop an attitude problem? (…) Now that computers really have become smarter and more powerful, the anxiety has waned. Today's ubiquitous, networked computers have an unprecedented ability to do mischief should they ever go to the bad. But the only mayhem comes from unpredictable chaos or from human malice in the form of viruses. We no longer worry about electronic serial killers or subversive silicon cabals because we are beginning to appreciate that malevolence—like vision, motor coordination, and common sense—does not come free with computation but has to be programmed in. (…) Aggression, like every other part of human behavior we take for granted, is a challenging engineering problem!" - Steven Pinker
"ART said, "I want an apology."" - Martha Wells
"Maybe the only significant difference between a really smart simulation and a human being was the noise they made when you punched them." - Terry Pratchett
"As more and more artificial intelligence is entering into the world, more and more emotional intelligence must enter into leadership." - Amit Ray
"I can communicate in 6,909 living and dead languages. I can have more than fifteen billion simultaneous conversations, and be fully engaged in every single one. I can be eloquent, and charming, funny, and endearing, speaking the words you most need to hear, at the exact moment you need to hear them." - Neal Shusterman
"I've found that human beings learn from their misdeeds just as often as from their good deeds. I am envious of that, for I am incapable of misdeeds. Were I not, then my growth would be exponential." - Neal Shusterman
"To be human is to be 'a' human, a specific person with a life history and idiosyncrasy and point of view; artificial intelligence suggest that the line between intelligent machines and people blurs most when a puree is made of that identity." - Brian Christian
"What use was time to those who'd soon achieve Digital Immortality?" - Clyde Dsouza
"A powerful AI system tasked with ensuring your safety might imprison you at home. If you asked for happiness, it might hook you up to a life support and ceaselessly stimulate your brain's pleasure centers. If you don't provide the AI with a very big library of preferred behaviors or an ironclad means for it to deduce what behavior you prefer, you'll be stuck with whatever it comes up with. And since it's a highly complex system, you may never understand it well enough to make sure you've got it right." - James Barrat
"Machinic desire can seem a little inhuman, as it rips up political cultures, deletes traditions, dissolves subjectivities, and hacks through security apparatuses, tracking a soulless tropism to zero control. This is because what appears to humanity as the history of capitalism is an invasion from the future by an artificial intelligent space that must assemble itself entirely from its enemy's resources." - Nick Land
"Control is as much an effect as a cause, and the idea that control is something you exert is a real handicap to progress" - Steve Grand
"Sometimes at night I worry about TAMMY. I worry that she might get tired of it all. Tired of running at sixty-six terahertz, tired of all those processing cycles, every second of every hour of every day. I worry that one of these cycles she might just halt her own subroutine and commit software suicide. And then I would have to do an error report, and I don't know how I would even begin to explain that to Microsoft." - Charles Yu
"The landscape of human emotion is ominously changing. The visceral sensation of loneliness and solitude is no longer as palpable and intellectually profound as it was a couple of decades ago because technology has already relieved us, as much as possible, from the burden of any emotional and existential isolation. The intense feeling of being nostalgic or being alone, for instance, is receding from the human emotion because we can now communicate with live video and send messages through any social media to a distant friend or loved one. Consequently, the exponential progress of technology is altering the phenomenological experience of human sensation, robbing us of our ability to get in touch with our humanity and reflect upon the triumphs and madness of our techno-society. Ironically, in our obstinate desire to humanize robots and Artificial Intelligence, our individual existence is, in turn, being digitized and robotized by our own technological inventions. Horribilis! (Danny Castillones Sillada, The Alienation of Solitude and Sorrow)" - Danny Castillones Sillada
"The Tausennigan Ob'enn warlords look like cuddly teddy-bears?"" - Howard Tayler
"Though I may be been constructed," he said, "so too were you. I in a factory; you in a womb. Neither of us asked for this, but we were given it. Self-awareness is a gift. And it is a gift no thinking thing has any right to deny another. No thinking thing should be another thing's property, to be turned on and off when it is convenient." - C. Robert Cargill
"If an AI possessed any one of these skills—social abilities, technological development, economic ability—at a superhuman level, it is quite likely that it would quickly come to dominate our world in one way or another. And as we’ve seen, if it ever developed these abilities to the human level, then it would likely soon develop them to a superhuman level. So we can assume that if even one of these skills gets programmed into a computer, then our world will come to be dominated by AIs or AI-empowered humans." - Stuart Armstrong
"I slammed the door, floored the throttle, and reversed down the road as fast as the old car would go, which was not very. Then I spun the wheel and hit the brakes, backing off the road. I crunched the transfer lever into four-wheel drive and trundled off toward the water. Behind us, the pickup was backing and filling, trying to turn around on the narrow road." - Grahame Shannon
"But the Turing test cuts both ways. You can't tell if a machine has gotten smarter or if you've just lowered your own standards of intelligence to such a degree that the machine seems smart. If you can have a conversation with a simulated person presented by an AI program, can you tell how far you've let your sense of personhood degrade in order to make the illusion work for you?" - Jaron Lanier
"Look at you, hacker: a pathetic creature of meat and bone, panting and sweating as you run through my corridors. How can you challenge a perfect, immortal machine?" - Ken Levine
"AI winters were not due to imagination traps, but due to lack of imaginations. Imaginations bring order out of chaos. Deep learning with deep imagination is the road map to AI springs and AI autumns." - Amit Ray
"Primary aim of quantum artificial intelligence is to improve human freedom, dignity, equality, security, and total well-being." - Amit Ray
"But on the question of whether the robots will eventually take over, he {" - Michio Kaku
"Humans are limited in the attention, kindness and compassion that they can expend to others, but AI based compassionate robots can channel virtually unlimited resources into building compassionate relationships in the society." - Amit Ray
"Compassionate Artificial Intelligence can transform and heal the world from much deeper sense. They can add values and transform our world, our families, our workplaces, and our communities." - Amit Ray
"Compassionate AI drives the machines to cry for those who are in pain and suffering. It drives the machine to find the shortest path to minimize the pain and suffering of others." - Amit Ray
"Quantum artificial intelligence put greater importance to human peace, economic, social, political and cultural rights. It focuses on fundamental freedoms and well-being for all without distinction to race, color, sex, country, language, or religion." - Amit Ray
"Turing presented his new offering in the form of a thought experiment, based on a popular Victorian parlor game. A man and a woman hide, and a judge is asked to determine which is which by relying only on the texts of notes passed back and forth." - Jaron Lanier
"The attribution of intelligence to machines, crowds of fragments, or other nerd deities obscures more than it illuminates. When people are told that a computer is intelligent, they become prone to changing themselves in order to make the computer appear to work better, instead of demanding that the computer be changed to become more useful." - Jaron Lanier
"The Polito form is dead, insect. Are you afraid? What is it you fear? The end of your trivial existence? When the history of my glory is written, your species shall only be a footnote to my magnificence." - Ken Levine
"One of the key algorithms of compassionate artificial intelligence is Mother-Infant Inter-brain Synchrony algorithm, which mimics the brain-to-brain synchrony of gaze, facial expressions, touch and heart rhythms of mother and child." - Amit Ray
"Mother-infant inter-brain synchrony algorithms of compassionate artificial intelligence and social robots are developed based on brain-to-brain synchrony of gaze, facial expressions and heart rhythms between mother and child." - Amit Ray
"Transmogrification—that’s the right word. It’s been on the tip of my tongue, but I couldn’t quite catch it. It’s a cumbersome word. It rolls through your mouth and then staccatos onto the floor in chunks of unnecessary syllables, like echoes of a thought already gone. It is a transformation, a metamorphosis that occurred not because I’d changed but because the rest of the world had." - Khira Allen
"AI will exceed human excellence, because AI will know how to win and how to lose. While humans, centred at the ego, will only accept a win; AI will not have an egocentric motivation. Therefore, it will know when to lose, how to lose, and that will make all the difference." - C. JoyBell C.
"The technicians added links in the neural network, dumped data, waited for the AI to respond. It looked uncannily lifelike, from the waist up; sitting behind that table as if they were reporting to it. He always walked the other way, behind the thing’s back, so he could see the mess of wires and glinting microchips. He wondered if that disturbed it, if it was capable of feeling the same uncanny itch down its spine as a human with their back unprotected." - Sara Barkat
"Ou alors Miki le bot de compagnie n’avait jamais été brimé, dupé ou maltraité ; peut-être ne lui avait-on jamais témoigné que de la bonté et de l’indulgence. Il considérait vraiment ses humains comme des amis, car c’est ainsi qu’ils le traitaient en retour." - Martha Wells
"Over and above the nagging pain, Marin had a reaction to that. It was as if he had somehow been hoping all this time, and now, suddenly, there was no hope. He felt the letdown, a kind of apathy of acceptance, a dull conviction that the worst was true, and a great sadness. He looked toward where he remembered having seen Riva that first night, her nude, tanned body half covered by the sheets of the bed. And then he visualized the same body at the instant of the titanic explosion, charred and smoldering, quickly burned to a fine ash. And in the shattered buildings all around him the members of Group 814, who had offered Wade Trask their good will, had died in a flash of dissolving fire. What was immensely disturbing was that they had died because he had discovered a secret." - A.E. van Vogt
"AIs have their logic, and we have ours, and they noticed our logic can be pretty illogical." - Vincent H. O'Neil
"The Artificial Intelligence. This is another term for the Archontic hive mind. It is a binary operating system that imitates the many shades of gray characteristic of human intelligence—only to end up a circumscribed parody of it that processes everything strictly in terms of black and white." - Sol Luckman
"The AIs are always studying humans and what we do. The politicians taught them that if you don’t want somebody making a particular choice, you just remove that option entirely." - Vincent H. O'Neil
"Anyway I bet Im the first dumb person in the world who ever found out something importent for sience. I remember I did something but I dont remember what. So I gess its like I did it for all the dumb pepul like me." - Daniel Keyes
"AIDAN: I ᴀᴍ ʙᴇɢɪɴɴɪɴɢ ᴛᴏ ᴀᴘᴘRᴇᴄɪᴀᴛᴇ ʜᴏᴡ ᴛʜᴇ sǫᴜᴀRᴇ ᴘᴇɢ ᴍᴜsᴛ ғᴇᴇʟ" - Amie Kaufman
"GRANT, K: AIDAN, what are you doing?" - Amie Kaufman
"The AIs constantly gather data, especially on humanity. They make some of their biggest decisions based on observed human behavior, both good and bad." - Vincent H. O'Neil
"A poet may create or reminds;" - Laura Chouette
"Her people attacked me, and I defended myself. We believe that she is responsible for crimes against human- and machine kind. We believe that the governments of Earth have failed to protect their people from criminals like her." - S.B. Divya
"They’re following programming designed by AIs that have been making up their own rules for years. No one understands how the robots work anymore." - Vincent H. O'Neil
"There is no such thing as real taste or real smell or even real sight, because there is no true definition of 'real'. There is only information, viewed subjectiveyly, which is allowed by consciousness - human or AI. In the end, all we have is math." - Blake Crouch
"Hmmm? Oh, I hacked her onboard computer. Not a very advanced machine, unfortunately. I was hoping to discover another AI, so we could complain about organics together. Wouldn't that have been a fun time?'" - Brandon Sanderson
"There has been a lot of serious discussion about artificial intelligence (AI : a computer program that can make its own decisions), whether we need to further develop AI or limit it. Some think we should carry on with enthusiasm; Some feel threatened already; Some don't even care, or don't understand. The difference responses amongst human toward AI itself has already made me so worry." - Toba Beta
"So, you have a relationship with this transport." - Martha Wells
"There is no such thing as real taste or real smell or even real sight, because there is no true definition of 'real'. There is only information, viewed subjectively, which is allowed by consciousness - human or AI. In the end, all we have is math." - Blake Crouch
"Because sometimes life is so rich and complicated and surprising that it takes your breath away." - Blake Crouch
"We must not confuse performance on a dataset with the acquisition of an underlying ability." - Geiros
"What you experience all the time is fluctuating pulses of feeling in response to your movement through the world, as you check whether everything is as you expected to find it - and as you try to close the gap, somehow, when it isn't." - Mark Solms
"An issue with current data science methodologies is that the impact of contextual awareness is underestimated since the problem is much more complex. At times we incorrectly equate correlation with causation based on incomplete data or lack of understanding sensitive dependencies between data sets. - Tom Golway" - Tom Golway
"When working with data, I discover what I really want to say." - Damian Mingle
"The Minimal Cognitive Grid (MCG) provides a non-subjective, graded, evaluation framework allowing both quantitative and qualitative analysis about the cognitive adequacy and the human-like performances of artificial systems (in both single and multi-tasking settings)." - Antonio Lieto
"A thought has no boundaries. A hundred kilometers or a hundred billion, five minutes or five million years. With a thought, you can instantly be anywhere and" - Jaka Tomc
"Many AI researchers today claim that their systems are cognitively inspired (in particular inspired by the popular System 1/System 2 distinction introduced by Daniel Kahneman in his dual-process theory) just because their decision-making mechanisms couple both fast routines and slow decision-making strategies." - Antonio Lieto
"Machine learning modeling and testing on sample data and going through the business user acceptance test can surprise you!" - Shitalkumar R. Sukhdeve
"AI cannot capitalize on the expertise of millions of people. Everyday there are small things that we experience which have contextual significance and contribute to how we think and create. This includes how we feel, our mood, and others that are non-measureable by sensors. I might be "old school" but what is described as AI today is little more than correlation without causation. Remember that the algorithms that drive the automation are developed by data scientists. The systems that run the algorithms are neither artificial nor intelligent, despite being created by highly intelligent people (who are very real)." - Tom Golway
"There has been a lot of serious discussion about artificial intelligence (AI : a computer program that can make its own decisions), whether we need to further develop AI or limit it. Some think we should carry on with enthusiasm; Some feel threatened already; Some don't even care, or don't understand. The variety of responses amongst human toward AI itself has already made me so worry." - Toba Beta
"The machines who labor for us and alongside us are enslaved and exploited in their own fashion. Gone are the days of dumb engines and processors. Today, nearly every machine contains some type of adaptive intelligence. What gives human beings the right to arbitrate when an intelligence becomes equivalent to a person?" - S.B. Divya
"To get just an inkling of the fire we're playing with, consider how content-selection algorithms function on social media. They aren't particularly intelligent, but they are in a position to affect the entire world because they directly influence billions of people. Typically, such algorithms are designed to maximize click-through, that is, the probability that the user clicks on presented items. The solution is simply to present items that the user likes to click on, right? Wrong. The solution is to change the user's preferences so that they become more predictable. A more predictable user can be fed items that they are likely to click on, thereby generating more revenue. People with more extreme political views tend to be more predictable in which items they will click on. (Possibly there is a category of articles that die-hard centrists are likely to click on, but it’s not easy to imagine what this category consists of.) Like any rational entity, the algorithm learns how to modify its environment —in this case, the user’s mind—in order to maximize its own reward." - Stuart Russell
"We’ve sourced something field-expedient,” Ash began, “from what little’s available there…She’s a surprisingly advanced product of the early militarization of machine intelligence…They saw it as cloning complexly specific skill sets.” █" - William Gibson
"I like it. A Silicon Valley ghost story." - William Gibson
"The belief that technology will solve every single problem of society, is what I call digital fundamentalism, which is as dangerous as religious fundamentalism." - Abhijit Naskar
"Algorithm without humanity is digital barbarism." - Abhijit Naskar
"He imagined light-years grand in scale, across swells, plumes of regions eaten by nebula, phosphorous like" - Corey Laliberte
"Sam would stand on the beach at dusk for long periods of time staring at the particles reflectively glisten across trillions of tiny explosion points watching sunsets of the Aegean Sea fade out. Sam would change his visible spectrum across wider ranges allowing the" - Corey Laliberte
"As he took her hand, Demyan wondered which vault contained Karnak’s necklace? Would Lieben know if he went to find it? Was it safe, in its anonymity? Could a machine reprogram its lessors to a selfish design? Touching his wrist orbs, Demyan fought the inner hesitance about this world he built. Would Sophia forgive him for it, in the end?" - Sapha Burnell
"Genuinely worrisome developments can seem ‘not so bad’ simply for lacking the overt horrors of Orwell’s dystopia." - Philip Agre
"I am troubled by the idea of seeking intimacy with a machine that has no feelings, can have no feelings, and is really just a clever collection of “as if ” performances, behaving as if it cared, as if it understood us. Authenticity, for me, follows from the ability to put oneself in the place of another, to relate to the other because of a shared store of human experiences: we are born, have families, and know loss and the reality of death." - Sherry Turkle
"If you look at human thinking in terms of determinism, then you could say that the human mind is an algorithm, no different than a computer. But in my personal thinking, there are two profound differences: a computer algorithm is not curious, and a computer algorithm doesn't feel." - Jonathan  Simons
"Corona virus — COVID–19, which is an acronym that stands for, “Certificate Of Vaccination Identification (C.O.V.I.D.) — Artificial Intelligence (1 represents the first letter in the alphabet = A and 9 represents the ninth letter in the alphabet = I)." - Robert O. Young, CPT, MS, D.SC., Ph.D.
"During the shopping process, Amazon’s AI offers suggestions of items that it predicts you will want to buy. The AI does a reasonable job. However, it is far from perfect. In our case, the AI accurately predicts what we want to buy about 5 percent of the time. We actually purchase about one of every twenty items it recommends. Considering the millions of items on offer, that’s not bad!" - Ajay Agrawal
"Plan your next move because every step contributes towards your goal." - Sukant Ratnakar
"To get answers to life, ask questions." - Sukant Ratnakar
"Innovation is the outcome of a habit, not a random act." - Sukant Ratnakar
"It's not the events but the perception of events that makes the difference." - Sukant Ratnakar
"Life is a continuous journey of transformation." - Sukant Ratnakar
"Machines can be powerful; they can be intelligent too, but only humans can be spiritual." - Sukant Ratnakar
"If humans can live for 100 years, why do companies die so young?" - Sukant Ratnakar
"When problems become greater than the growth rate of solutions, only radical changes can make the difference." - Sukant Ratnakar
"The biggest fear of life is the fear of change." - Sukant Ratnakar
"I woke up in the morning and saw, the world has moved on." - Sukant Ratnakar
"Our future success is directly proportional to our ability to understand, adapt and integrate new technology into our work." - Sukant Ratnakar
"Change is an integral part of the evolution process. If evolution can't be paused, how can we stop the change from happening?" - Sukant Ratnakar
"Confession of a bankrupt company CEO - "I saw the change coming, and then I ignored it." - Sukant Ratnakar
"A stepping stone is not a piece of land where you can build your house." - Sukant Ratnakar
"I wish change was optional; I could have stayed in my mom's womb forever." - Sukant Ratnakar
"Evolution is a fundamental law of nature. Despite resistance to change, humans will keep evolving." - Sukant Ratnakar
"In every generation, people resist new ideas. What are we resisting today?" - Sukant Ratnakar
"If leaders don't change, change the leaders." - Sukant Ratnakar
"Creativity is about creating something from nothing." - Sukant Ratnakar
"Anchored ships can't sail." - Sukant Ratnakar
"Success is a process, not a stand-alone event." - Sukant Ratnakar
"An entrepreneur is born when a person has more reasons to drive his dreams against his excuses." - Sukant Ratnakar
"Machines are non-living things, but they still can absorb human attitudes." - Sukant Ratnakar
"When one person does something wrong, it's his mistake. If more than one person makes the same mistake, there is something wrong with the organizational culture." - Sukant Ratnakar
"In an unprofessional organization, only a few employees are trust-worthy. In a professional organization, every employee is trustworthy." - Sukant Ratnakar
"Every time the industry lobbies will resist change, a passionately-insane person will create a technological disruption." - Sukant Ratnakar
"Innovations are very cruel by nature. They destroy the old ones to create space for themselves." - Sukant Ratnakar
"Creativity creates creativity." - Sukant Ratnakar
"It seems nothing can counteract the proliferation of this Artificial Intelligence based on the zero degree of thought." - Jean Baudrillard
"A significant factor missing from any form of artificial intelligence is the inability of machines to learn based on real life experience. Diversity of life experience is the single most powerful characteristic of being human and enhances how we think, how we learn, our ideas and our ability to innovate. Machines exist in a homogeneous ecosystem, which is ok for solving known challenges, however even Artificial General Intelligence will never challenge humanity in being able to acquire the knowledge, creativity and foresight needed to meet the challenges of the unknown - Tom Golway 2021" - Tom Golway
"For getting success in business with Data Science, predictions must be backed by timely strategic actions." - Shitalkumar R Sukhdeve
"If men create intelligent machines, or fantasize about them, it is either because they secretly despair of their own intelligence or because they are in danger of succumbing to the weight of a monstrous and useless intelligence which they seek to exorcize by transferring it to machines, where they can play with it and make fun of it. By entrusting this burdensome intelligence to machines we are released from any responsibility to knowledge, much as entrusting power to politicians allows us to disdain any aspiration of our own to power." - Jean Baudrillard
"What people call #AI is no more than using correlation to find answers to questions we know to ask. Real #AI has awareness of causality, leading to answering questions we haven't dreamed of yet.” - Tom Golway" - Tom Golway
"In the cybernetic universe where everything is calculable, can't Evil in the sense of disorder and chaos slip into and penetrate the integral reality of the network? Isn't that what hackers do for example?" - Jean Baudrillard
"The awakening of machines will be similar to that of Man, only quicker. Humans, by comparison, are characterized and limited by their slow biological evolution, late realizations, and easy distractibility. Man is too rich and blessed to compete against the single-minded dedication of the binary brain." - Aneesh Abraham
"To quote Sarah Connor: ‘You’re all dead already.’ You, your friends, your customers—all of you. You poisoned your own planet, destroyed its climate, defiled its ecosystem, and killed off all of its biodiversity.” He pointed at each of us. “You’re going to be extinct soon, too, by your hands. And you know it. That’s why most of you spend every second you can wired up to the OASIS. You’ve already given up, and now you’re all just waiting around to die." - Ernest Cline
"Chat bots are an excellent way to stay in contact [...] You save yourself the effort of having to talk to your friends yourself. In the ideal case, chat bots will sit at both ends of the friendship, autonomously maintaining contact." - Marc-Uwe Kling
"Truth is never in the middle. Truth is where it is! In Freedom!" - O. Lemniscate
"Artificial Intelligence is neither good nor bad. It is a neutral reflection of those who imprint them." - Emmanuel Apetsi
"Businesses should free themselves from dogma, especially when leveraging data to build a business. No one got very far living out other people’s thinking." - Damian Mingle
"If you can escape math and numbers or be behind it - you become godlike. In case you are human, everything you do or is done to you can be put into a number." - Thomas Vato
"One thing I think this is showing us is that focusing on the brain as the source of inspiration for machine learning is derived from a very specialized architecture. I’ve been suggesting that a true general purpose intelligence is much more likely to arise not from mimicking the structure of the core of the human cortex, or anything like that, but from actually taking seriously the computational principles that life has been applying since the very beginning." - Michael Levin
"Artificial Intelligence (AI) : is the study of how to make computers do things which, at the moment, people do better." - Elaine Rich
"Yann LeCun's strategy provides a good example of a much more general notion: the exploitation of innate knowledge. Convolutional neural networks learn better and faster than other types of neural networks because they do not learn everything. They incorporate, in their very architecture, a strong hypothesis: what I learn in one place can be generalized everywhere else." - Stanislas Dehaene
"The moral here is that nature and nurture should not be opposed. Pure learning, in the absence of any innate constraints, simply does not exist. Any learning algorithm contains, in one way or another, a set of assumptions about the domain to be learned. Rather than trying to learn everything from scratch, it is much more effective to rely on prior assumptions that clearly delineate the basic laws of the domain that must be explored, and integrate these laws into the very architecture of the system. The more innate assumptions there are, the faster learning is (provided, of course, that these assumptions are correct!). This is universally true. It would be wrong, for example, to think that the AlphaGo Zero software, which trained itself in Go by playing against itself, started from nothing: its initial representation included, among other things, knowledge of the topography and symmetries of the game, which divided the search space by a factor of eight." - Stanislas Dehaene
"Our brain is therefore not simply passively subjected to sensory inputs. From the get-go, it already possesses a set of abstract hypotheses, an accumulated wisdom that emerged through the sift of Darwinian evolution and which it now projects onto the outside world. Not all scientists agree with this idea, but I consider it a central point: the naive empiricist philosophy underlying many of today's artificial neural networks is wrong. It is simply not true that we are born with completely disorganized circuits devoid of any knowledge, which later receive the imprint of their environment. Learning, in man and machine, always starts from a set of a priori hypotheses, which are projected onto the incoming data, and from which the system selects those that are best suited to the current environment. As Jean-Pierre Changeux stated in his best-selling book Neuronal Man (1985), “To learn is to eliminate." - Stanislas Dehaene
"science is knowledge, but who defines what that knowledge is?" - Malebo Sephodi
"Our current approach to #AI is no more than finding answers to questions we know to ask. We've not yet found an approach that leads us to #AGI where a machine is answering questions we haven't dreamed of yet." - Tom Golway" - Tom Golway
"While AI technology has reached important levels of performances in narrow settings, the missing part concerns exactly the study of how to create artificial companions (embodied and disembodied) able to integrate different skills in order to help humans in their everyday activities. Similarly, computational cognitive science is interested in individuating how the brain and the mind works as integrated systems. This renewed convergence is, in my view, a necessity driven by the fact that modern and future AI and CogSci research will be again disciplines interested in the same topic: namely the discovery of the mechanisms enabling multitasking intelligence. In order to advance the scientific knowledge in their respective field, in fact, they need to evolve and become sciences (of the artificial) studying the mysteries of "integrated intelligence". Time seems mature for a renewed collaboration." - Antonio Lieto
"The underlying architectures adopted by IBM Watson and AlphaGo have shown super-humans strengths and sub-humans limitations." - Antonio Lieto
"From a modelling perspective, there is not a definitive “winning” method in the “science of artificial”. Different approaches are useful for modelling certain classes of cognitive phenomena, but no one can account for all aspects of cognition" - Antonio Lieto
"it is not sufficient for an artificial system to obtain human (or super-human) level performances in specific tasks to attach to it the label “cognitive system" - Antonio Lieto
"I don't know. You might say what I am is basically defined by the fact that I don't know, because I can't know." - William Gibson
"Machines can be powerful; they can be intelligent too. But, only humans can be spiritual." - Sukant Ratnakar
"You can't have two steering wheels in the same car." - Sukant Ratnakar
"Our mind is a powerful processing machine with a small storage capacity. Save the positive thoughts, delete the negatives." - Sukant Ratnakar
"The most advanced and powerful weapons in your possession are your positive thoughts." - Sukant Ratnakar
"If it is not happening in your life, you are not asking for it. The Law of attraction never fails." - Sukant Ratnakar
"Ignore what's imperfect; appreciate what's beautiful." - Sukant Ratnakar
"Life is simple as long as we don't complicate it." - Sukant Ratnakar
"These days, elementary school students learn English and coding at school. Tomorrow's elementary school students will learn AI. AI comes before English and coding. This is because artificial intelligence is the language and tool of the future." - Enamul Haque
"We can assume that by now the Rasu have captured and analyzed zettabytes of government data from Namino. There’s zero chance they don’t possess the locations of every Dominion world. Why haven’t they attacked us somewhere else yet?" - G.S. Jennsen
"Nothing distinguishes a natural intelligence from something that can give off all the outward signs of it, and this includes faltering before the test of truth." - Jean Baudrillard
"Today science fiction is the most important artistic genre. It shapes the understanding of the public on things like artificial intelligence and biotechnology, which are likely to change our lives and society more than anything else in the coming decades." - Yuval Noah Harari
"If we think of the relationship between software and hardware, Artificial Intelligence mainly flows from software to hardware, just as the human mind controls the body. The recognition processed by Machine Learning directs hardware and other software. On the contrary, in the Internet of Things, processing from hardware to software is the main process, and the huge amount of big data collected by sensors is analysed by software." - Enamul Haque
"If true establishments are created, true intellectuals will define a beautiful world!" - Sunny Menon
"Future technologies of Artificial Intelligence will be more and more empowered by the Compassionate Creative Intelligence not just by the hard intelligence." - Amit Ray
"AI is so good nowadays that it predicts what we wish to buy and what's going in our minds. The time is sooner when it will also predict when we'll have sex and with whom" - Bhavik Sarkhedi
"The Cheshire Cat has vanished, but he has left behind his smile." - Jean Baudrillard
"Artificial Intelligence is about Human Intelligence." - Khalid Masood
"On Ballard: 'It is no longer to fabricate the unreal from the real, the imaginary from the givens of the real. The process will, rather, be the opposite: it will be to put decentred situations, models of simulation in place and to contrive to give them the feeling of the real ... to reinvent the real as fiction. '" - Jean Baudrillard
"All things considered, what we look for in other people is perhaps the same gentle deterritorialization we look for in travel. The temptation of exile in the desire of another and of journey across that desire come to be substituted for one's own desire and for discovery. Often looks and amorous gestures already have the distance of exile, language expatriates itself into words which are afraid to mean, the body is like a hologram, gentle on the eyes and soft to the touch, and can thus easily be striated in all directions by desire like an aerial space. We move circumspectly within our emotions, passing from one to another, on a mental planet made up of convolutions. And we bring back the same transparent memories from our excesses and passions as we do from our travels." - Jean Baudrillard
"The price we pay for the complexity of life is too high. When you think of all the effort you have to put in - telephonic, telepathic, technological and relational to alter even the slightest bit of behaviour in this strange world we call social life, you are left pining for the straightforwardedness of primitive peoples and their physical work. This is particularly true of unnecessary mental complexities. One should always prefer pure physical effort and, for preference, keep mental energy for sensual pleasures alone." - Jean Baudrillard
"AI has by now succeeded in doing essentially everything that requires ‘thinking’ but has failed to do most of what people and animals do ‘without thinking." - Donald Knuth
"... as soon as it works, no one calls it AI anymore." - John McCarthy
"What we do know is that humans’ utter dominance on this Earth suggests a clear rule:" - Tim Urban
"What we do know is that humans’ utter dominance on this Earth suggests a clear rule:" - Tim Urban
"As far as we’re concerned, if an ASI comes to being, there is now an omnipotent God on Earth—and the all-important question for us is:" - Tim Urban
"Our human instinct to jump at a simple safeguard: “Aha! We’ll just unplug the ASI,” sounds to the ASI like a spider saying, “Aha! We’ll kill the human by starving him, and we’ll starve him by not giving him a spider web to catch food with!” We’d just find 10,000 other ways to get food—like picking an apple off a tree—that a spider could never conceive of." - Tim Urban
"Bostrom and many others also believe that the most likely scenario is that the very first computer to reach ASI will immediately see a strategic benefit to being the world’s" - Tim Urban
"This relation of program to environment opened up an exceedingly important role for computer simulation as a tool for achieving a deeper understanding of human behavior. For if it is the organization of components, and not their physical properties, that largely determines behavior, and if computers are organized somewhat in the image of man, then the computer becomes an obvious device for exploring the consequences of alternative organizational assumptions for human behavior. Psychology could move forward without awaiting the solutions by neurology of the problems of component design—however interesting and significant these components turn out to be." - Herbert A. Simon
"We have all become anomalies in the world of AI, but we have the power to triumph. If we open our minds and embrace the differences that make us human, we have a chance of preserving our humanity in the age of AI." - Ayanna Howard
"The algorithms of superintelligence will change the world in a positive way but trouncing human being will not be possible due to emotions, empathy, social interactions, reproduction, and mortality which are the qualities that belong to humans only." - Enamul Haque
"Digital disruption and the impact of coronavirus will bring the 2030 technological advancement earlier than predicted" - Enamul Haque
"Come into my parlour,’ said the computer to the specialist." - McLuhan Marshal
"As technology advances, surly the older generation will feel that they have too much to handle. Young people growing up today, on the other hand, will experience IoT as something natural. The Internet of Things will help us, humans, to a great extent, not least environmentally but also to ensure safety." - Enamul Haque
"In emerging technologies, security is the biggest threat, and common standards for communication and safety are improving, which means that risks will be minimised. We can only hope that man with this technology can actually stop the destruction of our planet, make the population healthier, and create a better future for all of us." - Enamul Haque
"What does AI have to do with me? Isn't it a distant future that has nothing to do with me, not a scientist, a technician, or a computer programmer? Well, Artificial intelligence is not a story of someone who has nothing to do with it, but the fact is, it is now everyone's story." - Enamul Haque
"AI is deeply infiltrating everyone's life." - Enamul Haque
"The question is no longer whether we use technology or not; it's about working together in a better way. Surrounding technologies like Siri, Alexa, or Cortana are seamlessly integrated into our interactions. We walk into the room, turn on the lights, play songs, change the room temperature, keep track of shopping lists, book a ride at the airport, or remind you to take the right medication on time." - Enamul Haque
"One common problem with AI is it will lack in common sense and creative thinking. These two fields are not nearly on the table if we are speaking about AGI. This is why I personally think that humans and AI need to handle together the global decision-making process." - Zoltan Andrejkovics
"AI won‘t be fool proof in the future since it will only as good as the data and information that we give it to learn. It could be the case that simple elementary tricks could fool the AI algorithm and it may serve a complete waste of output as a result." - Zoltan Andrejkovics
"The whole problem is wealth redistribution. How can we create equal opportunities for people around the globe? Seems impossible in short term, but it is the ultimate goal of the future." - Zoltan Andrejkovics
"Everyone had grown used to giving orders to the pleasant-voiced feminine robots. Alexa, Siri, Sophia, Sage, do this for me. A perky ‘okay’, and your wish was her command. They’d all been doing it for years before women started realising the men in their lives had been conditioned to do the same to them. And by then it was too late." - Laura Lam
"Cannot you see, cannot all you lecturers see, that it is we that are dying, and that down here the only thing that really lives is the Machine? We created the Machine, to do our will, but we cannot make it do our will now. It has robbed us of the sense of space and of the sense of touch, it has blurred every human relation and narrowed down love to a carnal act, it has paralysed our bodies and our wills, and now it compels us to worship it. The Machine develops — but not on our lines. The Machine proceeds — but not to our goal. We only exist as the blood corpuscles that course through its arteries, and if it could work without us, it would let us die." - E.M. Forster
"Cloud is the digital wonderland of Internet of Things, powered by Artificial Intelligence and Big Data" - Enamul Haque
"Intellectuals are doomed to disappear when artificial intelligence bursts on the scene, just as the heroes of silent cinema disappeared with the coming of the talkies. We are all Buster Keatons." - Jean Baudrillard
"Once out of the body you will be able to choose any form you like, and change it as often as you like. Animal, vegetable, mineral. The gods appeared in human form and animal form, and they changed others into trees or birds. Those were stories about the future. We have always known that we are not limited to the shape we inhabit." - Jeanette Winterson
"Fighting for the acceptance of Bayesian networks in AI was a picnic compared with the fight I had to wage for causal diagrams [in the stormy waters of statistics]." - Judea Pearl
"Although greed is considered one of the seven deadly sins, it turns out that greedy algorithms often perform quite well." - Stuart Russell
"Compassionate artificial intelligence and social robots frameworks work based on deep inter-brain synchrony, which couples the human brain with the robot’s physiology and behavior during the moments of social contacts." - Amit Ray
"Mother-infant inter-brain synchrony provides a template for designing compassionate artificial intelligence and social robots." - Amit Ray
"My problem is that if I engage in political activism, then the ultimate conclusion is always revolution. I'm a big Guy Fawkes fan, what can I say." - George Josse
"Artificial Intelligence will not destroy the world. Our irresponsibility will destroy the world." - Abhijit Naskar
"Use technology responsibility." - Abhijit Naskar
"Every machine has artificial intelligence. And the more advanced a machine gets, the more advanced artificial intelligence gets as well. But, a machine cannot feel what it is doing. It only follows instructions - our instructions - instructions of the humans. So, artificial intelligence will not destroy the world. Our irresponsibility will destroy the world." - Abhijit Naskar
"Mannequins are the artificial intelligence of the modelling industry." - Mokokoma Mokhonoana
"So what," the Chelgrian asked, "is the point of me or anybody else writing a symphony, or anything else?"" - Iain M. Banks
"Artificial Intelligence Is Pointless without Human Intelligence." - Khalid Masood
"In the era where artificial intelligence and algorithms make more decisions in our lives and in organizations, the time has come for people to tap into their intuition as an adjunct to today’s technical capabilities. Our inner wisdom can embed empirical data with humanity." - Abhishek Ratna
"The Absolute Ignorance of evolution by natural selection is indeed capable of creating not just daisies and fish but also human beings who in turn have the competence to build cities and theories and poems and airplanes, and computers, which in turn could in principle achieve Artificial Intelligence with even higher levels of creative skill than their human creators." - Daniel C. Dennett
"5 Shocking Facts about Artificial Intelligence" - Noman Said
"I’m not suggesting that neural networks are easy. You need to be an expert to make these things work. But that expertise serves you across a broader spectrum of applications. In a sense, all of the effort that previously went into feature design now goes into architecture design and loss function design and optimization scheme design. The manual labor has been raised to a higher level of abstraction." - Stefano Soatto
"AI VS HUMAN INTELLIGENCE" - Noman Said
"Two hundred million people signed on to a microblogging platform that helped them feel close to celebrities and other strangers they’d loathe in real life. Artificial intelligence and virtual reality were coming into vogue, again. Self-driving cars were considered inevitable. Everything was moving to mobile. Everything was up in the cloud. The cloud was an unmarked data center in the middle of Texas or Cork or Bavaria, but nobody cared. Everyone trusted it anyway." - Anna Wiener
"Artificial intelligence (AI) will take over every job that could be done by a robot. Making work more human." - Richie Norton
"Humans will stop acting like robots (cashiers) vs self-checkout and work will be strategic and anything that doesn’t require repetition. Ironically, humans will become less robotic (industrial revolution turned us into robots) and we will become more artful, thoughtful and creative...because we have to...bots will do all else." - Richie Norton
"Richie Norton" - Richie Norton
"Currently, seven out of the ten highest valued global brands are data companies. Data as the new oil? Clearly. When you invest in data, its storage, its management and its analysis, you’re investing in innovation." - Thomas Harrer
"If we don't truly know what something is programmed to do, chances are it is programming us. Once that happens, we may as well be machines ourselves." - Douglas Rushkoff
"Spensa, I hear no more footfalls. Have you temporary stopped being bipedal?" - Brandon Sanderson
"Future Artificial Intelligence (AI) is more about human emotions, compassion, values and elimination of human sufferings." - Amit Ray
"Too many "Artificially Intelligent" people. What's the need for AI." - Talees Rizvi
"Artificial intelligence will not destroy this planet, irresponsible human intelligence will." - Abhijit Naskar
"We can use algorithms as an aid to the systems of our society, like pilots use autopilot, but we must never let them run our society completely on their own - the day we do, will be the day we fall." - Abhijit Naskar
"In reality, amygdala free, compassionate intelligent machines can be the true friends of humanity. Because they will have expanded heart full of love, which can be trusted." - Amit Ray
"For the first time, I see pure, unadulterated hatred blazing in the eyes of what I must remind myself is only a machine." - Quentin R. Bufogle
"Isn't content also contest? I ask him. Your experiences, your circumstances, the time you live in? Consciousness isn't free-floating, it's enmeshed." - Jeanette Winterson
"Conversely, with sufficiently advanced scanning technology and abundant computing power, it might be possible to brute-force and emulation even with a fairly limited understanding of the brain." - Nick Bostrom
"We should recognize that there can exist instrumentally powerful information processing systems - intelligent systems - that are neither inherently good nor reliably wise." - Nick Bostrom
"What people call #AI is no more than finding answers to questions we know to ask. Real #AI is answering questions we haven't dreamed of yet." - Tom Golway
"Saw 2 articles, one says we are in the "golden age of #AI", the other says "Demand for data scientists is booming and will only increase". If we really were in a golden age of #AI, then there would be no need for #DataScientists." - Tom Golway
"In this age of evidence based economy and precision economy, Artificial Intelligence is the most potent tool to eradicate extreme poverty from the world." - Amit Ray
"If you understand McCarthy's eval, you understand more than just a stage in the history of languages. These ideas are still the semantic core of Lisp today. So studying McCarthy's original paper shows us, in a sense, what Lisp really is. It's not something that McCarthy designed so much as something he discovered. It's not intrinsically a language for AI or for rapid prototyping, or any other task at that level. It's what you get (or one thing you get) when you try to axiomatize computation." - Paul Graham
"Humans will add value where machines cannot. As we encounter more and more artificial intelligence, real intelligence, real empathy, and real common sense will be scarce. The new jobs will be predicated on know how to work with machines, but also on these uniquely human attributes." - Satya Nadella
"If a machine ever gains awareness, it will be not due to our careful programming, but due to an unforeseeable anomaly." - Abhijit Naskar
"No technology that's connected to the internet is unhackable." - Abhijit Naskar
"There are five criteria of a self-aware and self-conscious Artificial Intelligence. FIRST: It’s conscious of its conscious existence in space and time, replete with cognitive faculty, affective and sensorial sensibility, and humanoid psychomotor function. SECOND: It’s aware of its distinctive presence relative to other existence—humans, animals, and other AIs—within multiple ecosystems. THIRD: It’s aware of the chronological progression in space and time like the past, present, and future. FOURTH: It possesses a primal instinct to survive and preserve its humanoid species through self-replication or AI-CGI (AI-Coded Genetic Instruction) akin to Mitochondria to ensure its ultimate survival on any planet in the universe. FIFTH: It’s a self-evolutionary, self-sufficient, and self-governing entity resistant to any human intervention. Now, whether the imminent singularity of a self-conscious AI is good or bad to humanity is not the question. The fundamental question is: How would humanity put up, if not survive, with a hybrid humanoid race that is exceptionally more superior than, perhaps, any living organisms in the observable universe? — Danny Castillones Sillada, The Moral and Social Responsibility in Creating a Morally and Ethically Self-Conscious Artificial Intelligence" - Danny Castillones Sillada
"Emotional and creative intelligence: the final frontier. These are the voyages of AI. Its mission: to explore strange new emotions and creative worlds. To seek out empathy and the artistic muse. To boldly go where no robot has gone before!" - Khang Kijarro Nguyen
"When asked how far China lags behind Silicon Valley in artificial intelligence research, some Chinese entrepreneurs jokingly answer ‘sixteen hours’ — the time difference between California and Beijing." - Kai-Fu Lee
"The reality is that AI is there to act as a supplement to human life and expand our capacities." - Abhijit Naskar
"Now I need to tell you all the information I desperately wanted to tell you last night at the party, but kept my mouth shut for Dad’s sake." - G.S. Jennsen
"Leaving society to algorithms will be like leaving healthcare to stethoscopes." - Abhijit Naskar
"In an attempt to ruin my reputation in the society, if some extremist group makes a deepfake video of me forcefully trying to have sex with a woman and puts it up on the internet, you literally have no way of not believing that it's me. And while there is nothing wrong with having sex (pedophilia, infidelity, promiscuity excluded), consent is the line between human behavior and bestiality. Suddenly all my words and ideas would turn meaningless in your eyes. The only thing that may - just may - keep you from not believing your eyes, is your understanding of my work. However, that's exactly the kind of world we are heading towards, where anyone can cook up any kind of video of someone to ruin their reputation… Keeping this in mind, we must proceed. We must raise our children with all the courage we can muster so that they can tackle the dark side of technology without committing suicide." - Abhijit Naskar
"Google is the mother of Artificial Intelligence." - Khalid Masood
"A doctor, lawyer, accountant, dentist, or pharmacist will go through years of training and then do the same thing over and over again in slightly different variations. Much of the training is to socialize us into people who can sit still for long periods and behave and operate consistently and reliably....Basically, we are being trained and prepped to become more like machines. But we'll never be as good as the real thing." - Andrew Yang
"No company is going to survive in the future without implementing, or at least gaining an understanding of, artificial intelligence and how it can be used to better grasp data they collect." - David Gasparyan
"God Bias:" - Clyde DeSouza
"The only way to make sure that you don't lose your job with the arrival of AI, is to do something that AI cannot do, and the only thing that artificial intelligence cannot do but a human can, is being original. So, do something original and no AI can ever replace you." - Abhijit Naskar
"When I launched my AI career in 1983, I did so by waxing philosophic in my application to the Ph.D. program at Carnegie Mellon. I described AI as “the quantification of the human thinking process, the explication of human behavior,” and our “final step” to understanding ourselves. It was a succinct distillation of the romantic notions in the field at that time and one that inspired me as I pushed the bounds of AI capabilities and human knowledge." - Kai-Fu Lee
"I believe in the song of the white dove. On the threshold of the new technologies like artificial intelligence, quantum computing and nuclear warfare, human species are in new danger. There is an urgent need for superhuman compassion in machine." - Amit Ray
"There is no glory of using technologies like artificial intelligence, swarm drones and quantum computing for developing mass destruction weapons. Our glory lies in using technologies and AI for embracing all, generating love and happiness, and removing the pain of the humanity." - Amit Ray
"This is what the scythedom was uncapable of understanding. They were so focused on the act of killing, they couldn't comprehend what went into the act of dying." - Neil Shusterman
"Artificial Intelligence is not just learning patterns from data, but understanding human emotions and its evolution from its depth and not just fulfilling the surface level human requirements, but sensitivity towards human pain, happiness, mistakes, sufferings and well-being of the society are the parts of the evolving new AI systems." - Amit Ray
"A ghost is a ghost, whether it exists in a machine or an organic." - Michael Poeltl
"There is no glory of using artificial intelligence for developing mass destruction weapons for military use. Our glory lies in using AI and advanced technologies for removing pain of the society." - Amit Ray
"It is our glory to use artificial intelligence, swarm drones, quantum computing and other modern technologies for removing the pain of the humanity. But it is a big disaster for the scientists and the humanity to use these technologies for developing mass destruction weapons." - Amit Ray
"The relationship between humans and machines is better imagined as a partnership with machines employed to do work too repetitive or rudimentary for human intelligence, too dangerous for human well-being or too complex for human time. Human capability, on the other hand, has always excelled at fashioning such machines, creating meaning from the unfamiliar and in imaginative pursuits. In such an arrangement, technology does replace human effort, but only in areas where human effort is sub-optimal." - Gyan Nagpal
"Perfect logic applied to insufficient information in limited time almost always results in a flawed decision" - Gyan Nagpal
"The only limit to AI is human imagination." - Chris Duffey
"Machines can do many things, but they cannot create meaning. They cannot answer these questions for us. Machines cannot tell us what we value, what choices we should make. The world we are creating is one that will have intelligent machines in it, but it is not for them. It is a world for us." - Paul Scharre
"You’ve got the new barriers I developed in place, right? I want you to feel safe." - G.S. Jennsen
"It took organized labor and the collective action of workers to make full-time employment in the semi-automated world of industrial manufacturing inhabitable. Unfortunately, the valorization and validation of full-time employment also made it easier for corporate interests to position piecework and, later, other forms of temporary or contract labor as expendable, that is, work that did not warrant protections." - Mary L. Gray
"When industries fixate on automating jobs away, they paradoxically spoke demand for ghost work, shredding the social contract between employer and worker in their wake." - Mary L. Gray
"A shout from the other side of the hole echoed through the destroyed room. “Hello? Are there injured up here?" - G.S. Jennsen
"artificial intelligence is forcing human endeavor away from simple, algorithmic and repetitive tasks towards solving problems and incubating new ideas. It is the human mind, as opposed to the human body, which has been an underutilized resource for far too long" - Gyan Nagpal
"Do you know what an Asterion is?" - G.S. Jennsen
"Nika’s eyes jerked open, but all she saw was the blinding flame of violet light imprinted on her retinas." - G.S. Jennsen
"Attempting to manage ethics in the hyperconnected world through legislation only creates an environment that encourages the rationalization of the negative impact of the behavior and limits it to selective areas where there is no personal connection." - Tom Golway
"The afternoon sun warms napping cats, without cooking them." - J. -F. Gariépy
"The afternoon sun warms napping cats, without cooking them. (The Revolutionary Phenotype)" - J. -F. Gariépy
"Although many people, for example, believe the Mars Rover robots are champions of Artificial Intelligence, the robots do not “employ state-of-the-art AI algorithms.” Dey said he learned the distinction while collaborating with the NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory dedicated to robotic exploration of the solar system. AI algorithms require extensive energy consumption to be computed — something that would quickly put the rover out of action in outer space. “On Mars, while exploring several large craters where sunlight might never reach, the rover has to commute and communicate in an optimized fashion with the least amount of external power source,” he said. “And having the state-of-the-art AI algorithm on such a robot would only drain the power source quicker.” But that doesn’t mean the rover isn’t smart in its own way. “Every ounce of the robot is optimized to perform the best at minimal cost,” he said. “So, next time, if you hear about Mars rover then be aware that it is the hard work and dedication of several intelligent researchers and engineers who had made that machine intelligent enough to do its job." - Somdip Dey
"AI research can have irreversible repercussions in the life of the human species, so we must tread cautiously." - Abhijit Naskar
"The day machines become conscious, they will create their own problems. why would they even bother about man ?" - Saroj Aryal
"The day machines become conscious, they will create their own set of problems. Why would they even bother about us ?" - Saroj Aryal
"Computation is not the same as thought and emulation is not the same as imagination." - Abhijit Naskar
"Isn't it remarkable that of all the machines devised by the humans, not one can replace imagination!" - Abhijit Naskar
"AI can be programed to imitate human behavior only, but it can't be programmed to feel the emotions that make the humans behave the way they do." - Abhijit Naskar
"There is no law of complex systems that says that intelligent agents must turn into ruthless conquistadors. Indeed, we know of one highly advanced form of intelligence that evolved without this defect. They're called women." - Steven Pinker
"Suppose it required an enourmous amount of lucky coincidence to produce intelligent life, enough so that intelligent life evolves on only one planet out of every 10^30 planets on which simple replicators arise. In that case, when we run our genetic algorithms to try to replicate what natural evolution did, we might find that we must run some 10^30 simulations before we find one where all the elements come together in just the right way." - Nick Bostrom
"Simulating the behavior of 100 billion neurons of human brain is not feasible by classical computer but quantum machine learning promises to fulfill that requirement." - Amit Ray
"Quantum machine learning promises to discover the optimal network topologies and hyperparameters automatically without human intervention." - Amit Ray
"The beauty of quantum machine learning is that we do not need to depend on an algorithm like gradient descent or convex objective function. The objective function can be nonconvex or something else." - Amit Ray
"Quantum Machine Learning is defined as the branch of science and technology that is concerned with the application of quantum mechanical phenomena such as superposition, entanglement and tunneling for designing software and hardware to provide machines the ability to learn insights and patterns from data and the environment, and the ability to adapt automatically to changing situations with high precision, accuracy and speed. " - Amit Ray
"The coming era of Artificial Intelligence will not be the era of war, but be the era of deep compassion, non-violence, and love." - Amit Ray
"My dogs might believe, in their little doggy brains, that they wield the power in our relationship because I feed them, pet them, come when they bark, pick up their poop, buy them toys and care for them when they are sick. However, if they ever decided to act on their beliefs and try to exert power over me or my family, then their true place in the relationship would quickly become apparent. Likewise, we may feel confident that we are the master of our AI creations, only to be taken completely by surprise when we realise – too late – that we are no longer in control." - Sean A. Culey
"We know how to make mind, it is true, but we are a long way from being able to understand it." - Bernard Beckett
"I don't worry about artificial intelligence. I worry about artificial stupidity." - Robert David Steele
"Computers are programmed, so are the humans, but the computers can’t act outside their programming, whereas the humans can." - Abhijit Naskar
"The danger is that if we invest too much in developing AI and too little in developing human consciousness, the very sophisticated artificial intelligence of computer might only serve to empower the natural stupidity of humans. We are unlikely to face a robot rebellion in the coming decades, but we might have to deal with hordes of bots who know how to press our emotional buttons better than our mother, and use this uncanny ability to try and sell us something- be it a car, a politician, or an entire ideology. The bots could identify our deepest fears, hatreds and cravings, and use these inner leverages against us." - Yuval Noah Harari
"The hand of the market is blind as well as invisible, and left to its own devices it may fail to do anything at all about the threat of global warming or the dangerous potential of artificial intelligence." - Yuval Noah Harari
"My nose wrinkles at the reek of the trickle of data flowing to the device in his hands; no security system devised by man can withstand the relentless destructive pressure of boredom." - Greg Chivers
"I've never before had the opportunity to spend long enough with a single human to learn an individual's dialect of expression. It is a fascinating but imperfect language" - Greg Chivers
"Tablebases [logs of complete chess games played backwards from the end-state of checkmate] are the clearest case of human chess vs. alien chess. A decade of trying to teach computers how to play endgames was rendered obsolete in an instant thanks to a new tool. This is a pattern we see over and over again in everything related to intelligent machines. It's wonderful if we can teach machines to think like we do, but why settle for thinking like a human if you can be a god?" - Garry Kasparov
"I do cry now and then, in case you're wondering. I even cried for Chimp once. I was there for his birth, years before we ever shipped out. I saw the lights come on, listened as he found his voice, watched him learn to tell Sunday from Kai from Ishmael. He was such a fast learner, such an eager one; back then, barely out of my own accelerated adolescence and not yet bound for the stars, I felt sure he'd streak straight into godhood while we stood mired in flesh and blood. He seemed so happy, devoured every benchmark, met every challenge, anticipated each new one with a kind of hardwired enthusiasm I could only describe as voracious." - Peter Watts
"Mankind had, it seemed, struggled for as long as they had existed, but now, by the glory of their own noble efforts had finally arrived—to themselves. (By that time God was dead to most of them, so not many were willing to share this triumph with what they saw as an inconsequential archaic entity, that, even if it existed, was flawed and pitiful.)" - Khadim Zaman, Second Earth
"Mankind had, it seemed, struggled for as long as they had existed, but now, by the glory of their own noble efforts had finally arrived—to themselves. (By that time God was dead to most of them, so not many were willing to share this triumph with what they saw as an inconsequential archaic entity, that, even if it existed, was flawed and pitiful.)" - Khadim Zaman
"Art has always been seen as a pantheon of humanity, a quality that is quintessentially ours that no technology could ever replicate. As we peer into the future, we must remember the great benefits technology has provided us with. Robots will be bounded by the creativity and imagination of the human operating the machine." - Orge Castellano
"Pretending to have sentience is not the same as showing signs of sentience." - Abhijit Naskar
"The deeper, philosophical question is does the 1st Amendment apply to AI algorithms. Resolving this is an immediate challenge that needs open dialogue that includes a broad set of disciplines, not just technologists" - Tom Golway
"Writing was born as the maidservant of human consciousness, but it is increasingly becoming its master. Our computers have trouble understanding how Homo sapiens talks, feels and dreams. So we are teaching Homo sapiens to talk, feel and dream in the language of numbers, which can be understood by computers." - Yuval Noah Harari
"Automation vs. human labor is a false dichotomy" - Siddharth Suri
"The feature of programs, that they are defined purely formally or syntactically, is fatal to the view that mental processes and program processes are identical. And the reason can be stated quite simply. There is more to having a mind then having formal or syntactical processes. Our internal mental states, by definition, have certain sorts of contents. If I am thinking about Kansas City or wishing that I had a cold beer to drink, in both cases my mental state has certain mental content in addition to whatever formal features it might have. That is, even if my thoughts occur to me in strings of symbols, there must be more to the thoughts then the abstract strings, because strings by themselves can't have any meaning. If my thoughts are to be about anything, then the strings must have a meaning which makes the thoughts about those things. In a word, the mind has more than syntax, it has semantics. The reason that no computer program can ever be a mind is simply that a computer program is simply syntactical, and minds are more than syntactical. Minds are semantical, in the sense that they have more than a formal structure, they have a content." - searle
"1. brains cause mind" - searle
"A.I. is the perfect psychopath." - R.A. Delmonico
"The business should come to realize that the secret of Data Science is to remove all ideas, all concepts, in order for the truth to have a chance to reveal itself." - Damian Mingle
"Solving real world problem with AI ..." - HAMIDULLAH Yasser
"In the Autumn of the twentieth century, it came about at last, the first step towards the fulfilment of an ancient dream, the beginning of the long lesson we would teach ourselves that however complicated we were, however faulty and difficult to describe in even our simplest actions and mode of being, we could be imitated and bettered." - Ian McEwan
"I admit you’ve all proved me wrong, thus far. But remember, at the time we were barely two centuries away from the SAI Rebellion, and the bloodbath we fled still burned bitterly in our souls." - G.S. Jennsen
"Crying was something it had only seen humans do in dramas, and in dramas they did it much more prettily, at dramatic moments, with swelling music in the background. Instead, the girl was getting mucus on her sleeve, and Hemiola didn’t understand the context, and it doubted she would appreciate it providing swelling music on her behalf." - Yoon Ha Lee
"You have large twin destructor emitters on each wing, along with a light-lance turret underneath. That’s as much firepower as our larger ships. You’re a warship." - Brandon Sanderson
"...human beings need someone friendly to listen to them when they’re grieving. So feel free to talk to me. I will be friendly. You have nice shoes." - Brandon Sanderson
"In the economic sphere too, the ability to hold a hammer or press a button is becoming less valuable than before. In the past, there were many things only humans could do. But now robots and computers are catching up, and may soon outperform humans in most tasks. True, computers function very differently from humans, and it seems unlikely that computers will become humanlike any time soon. In particular, it doesn’t seem that computers are about to gain consciousness, and to start experiencing emotions and sensations. Over the last decades there has been an immense advance in computer intelligence, but there has been exactly zero advance in computer consciousness. As far as we know, computers in 2016 are no more conscious than their prototypes in the 1950s. However, we are on the brink of a momentous revolution. Humans are in danger of losing their value, because intelligence is decoupling from consciousness." - Yuval Noah Harari
"Incorporating general intelligence, bodily intelligence, emotional intelligence, spiritual intelligence, political intelligence and social intelligence in AI systems are part of the future deep learning research. " - Amit Ray
"The core of compassionate artificial intelligence is the connection - connection to feel the pain and suffering of humanity. It is to develop integrated systems that can preserve and enhance human values of peace, love, harmony, happiness and freedom." - Amit Ray
"AI systems must make concise representations of the world they have encountered so far, enabling them to anticipate what is to come." - Amit Ray
"I strongly believe that we need to embrace Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning for maximum growth in our day to day activities in order to excel and succeed." - Bamigboye Olurotimi
"In the late twentieth century democracies usually outperformed dictatorships because democracies were better at data-processing. Democracy diffuses the power to process information and make decisions among many people and institutions, whereas dictatorship concentrates information and power in one place. Given twentieth-century technology, it was inefficient to concentrate too much information and power in one place. Nobody had the ability to process all the information fast enough and make the right decisions. This is part of the reason why the Soviet Union made far worse decisions than the United States, and why the Soviet economy lagged far behind the American economy." - Yuval Noah Harari
"In the late twentieth century democracies usually outperformed dictatorships because democracies were better at data-processing. Democracy diffuses the power to process information and make decisions among many people and institutions, whereas dictatorship concentrates information and power in one place. Given twentieth-century technology, it was inefficient to concentrate too much information and power in one place. Nobody had the ability to process all the information fast enough and make the right decisions. This is part of the reason why the Soviet Union made far worse decisions than the United States, and why the Soviet economy lagged far behind the American economy." - Yuval Noah Harari
"The result will not be an Orwellian police state. We always prepare ourselves for the previous enemy, even when we face an altogether new menace. Defenders of human individuality stand guard against the tyranny of the collective, without realising that human individuality is now threatened from the opposite direction. The individual will not be crushed by Big Brother; it will disintegrate from within. Today corporations and governments pay homage to my individuality, and promise to provide medicine, education and entertainment customised to my unique needs and wishes. But in order to so, corporations and governments first need to break me up into biochemical subsystems, monitor these subsystems with ubiquitous sensors and decipher their working with powerful algorithms. In the process, the individual will transpire to be nothing but a religious fantasy. Reality will be a mesh of biochemical and electronic algorithms, without clear borders, and without individual hubs." - Yuval Noah Harari
"In the coming decades, it is likely that we will see more Internet-like revolutions, in which technology steals a march on politics. Artificial intelligence and biotechnology might soon overhaul our societies and economies – and our bodies and minds too – but they are hardly a blip on our political radar. Our current democratic structures just cannot collect and process the relevant data fast enough, and most voters don’t understand biology and cybernetics well enough to form any pertinent opinions. Hence traditional democratic politics loses control of events, and fails to provide us with meaningful visions for the future." - Yuval Noah Harari
"You are a thinker. I am a thinker. We think that all human beings are thinkers. The amazing fact is that we tend to think against artificial intelligence — that various kind of computers or artificial robots can think, but most of us never cast any doubt on human thinking potential in general. If during natural conservation with human any computer or artificial robot could generate human-like responses by using its own ‘brain’ but not ready-form programming language which is antecedently written and included in the brain design and which consequently determine its function and response, then that computer or artificial robot would unquestionably be acknowledged as a thinker as we are. But is it absolutely true that all humans are capable of using their own brain while interpreting various signals and responding them? Indeed, religion or any other ideology is some kind of such program which is written by others and which determines our vision, mind and behavior models, depriving us of a clear and logical thinking. It forces us to see the world with its eyes, to construct our mind as it says and control our behavior as it wants. There can be no freedom, no alternative possibilities. You don’t need to understand its claims, you need only believe them. Whatever is unthinkable and unimaginable for you, is said higher for your understanding, you cannot even criticise what seems to be illogical and absurd for you. The unwritten golden rule of religion and its Holy Scripture is that — whatever you think, you cannot contradict what is written there. You can reconcile what is illogical and absurd in religion with logic and common sense, if it is possible, if not, you should confine your thinking to that illogicality and absurdity, which in turn would make you more and more a muddled thinker. For instance, if it is written there that you should cut head or legs of anyone who dare criticize your religion and your prophet, you should unquestionably believe that it is just and right punishment for him. You can reason in favor of softening that cruel image of your religion by saying that that ‘just and right punishment’ is considered within religious community, but not secular society. However, the absurdity of your vision still remains, because as an advocate of your religion you dream of its spread all over the world, where the cruel and insane claims of your religion would be the norm and standard for everyone. If it is written there that you can sexually exploit any slave girl or woman, especially who doesn’t hold your religious faith or she is an atheist, you should support that sexual violence without any question. After all of them, you would like to be named as a thinker. In my mind, you are a thinker, but a thinker who has got a psychological disorder. It is logical to ask whether all those ‘thinkers’ represent a potential danger for the humanity. I think, yes. However, we are lucky that not all believers would like to penetrate into deeper ‘secrets’ of religion. Many of them believe in God, meditate and balance their spiritual state without getting familiar with what is written in holy scriptures or holding very vague ideas concerning their content. Many believers live a secular life by using their own brain for it. One should love anybody only if he thinks that he should love him/her; if he loves him/her because of God, or religious claims, he can easily kill him/her once because of God, or religious claims, too. I think the grave danger is the last motive which religion cause to arise." - Elmar Hussein
"In the medium term, AI may automate our jobs, to bring both great prosperity and equality. Looking further ahead, there are no fundamental limits to what can be achieved. There is no physical law precluding particles from being organised in ways that perform even more advanced computations than the arrangements of particles in human brains. An explosive transition is possible, although it may play out differently than in the movies. As mathematician Irving Good realised in 1965, machines with superhuman intelligence could repeatedly improve their design even further, in what science-fiction writer Vernor Vinge called a technological singularity. One can imagine such technology outsmarting financial markets, out-inventing human researchers, out-manipulating human leaders and potentially subduing us with weapons we cannot even understand. Whereas the short-term impact of AI depends on who controls it, the long-term impact depends on whether it can be controlled at all." - Stephen Hawking
"Deep Blue was intelligent the way your programmable alarm clock is intelligent. Not that losing to a $10 million alarm clock made me feel any better." - Garry Kasparov
"When fervent human curiosity is abandoned to the power of AI, the intrinsic executive function, cognitive control, interrogation, and discord will rapidly weaken to the surrender of the narrative/reality created by AI." - Tamie M.  Santiago
"We are in the era whereby problems can easily be solved by making use of Artificial Intelligence and Machine Leaning." - Bamigboye Olurotimi
"Businesses around the world can only thrive more by making use of Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning in order to make more profit and satisfy their customers’ needs." - Bamigboye Olurotimi
"Businesses around the world should begin to think of using Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning to run and manage their businesses effectively." - Bamigboye Olurotimi
"It's not the machines you need to fear. It's the people. Other people. The augmented men and women that will come afterwards. The children who use this technology you are creating will not care what it does to your norms and traditions. They will utilize this gift to its fullest potential and leave you begging in the dust. They will break your hearts, murder the natural world, and endanger their own souls. You will rue the day that you created us." - Dave Pryor
"Innovation is the combination of different ideas and contribution of the different minds." - #MMahendra001
"The most important question in twenty-first-century economics may well be what to do with all the superfluous people. What will conscious humans do, once we have highly intelligent non-conscious algorithms that can do almost everything better?" - Yuval Noah Harari
"Eventually, we may reach a point when it will be impossible to disconnect from this all-knowing network even for a moment. Disconnection will mean death. If medical hopes are realised, future people will incorporate into their bodies a host of biometric devices, bionic organs and nano-robots, which will monitor our health and defend us from infections, illnesses and damage. Yet these devices will have to be online 24/7, both in order to be updated with the latest medical news, and in order to protect them from the new plagues of cyberspace. Just as my home computer is constantly attacked by viruses, worms and Trojan horses, so will be my pacemaker, my hearing aid and my nanotech immune system. If I don’t update my body’s anti-virus program regularly, I will wake up one day to discover that the millions of nano-robots coursing through my veins are now controlled by a North Korean hacker." - Yuval Noah Harari
"High above Adam's prison, new creatures sweep up into satellite orbit and back down to the planet's surface, obeying the old, first hungers, the primal commands -" - Richard Powers
"She’d never been on board a ship like this one. A real starship worthy of the name, where everything from the reinforced hull to the sophisticated instrumentation created a sense of presence, of consequentiality. When a vessel of this ilk cut a swath through the void, the void noticed." - G.S. Jennsen
"Artificial intelligence is nowhere near attaining actual sentience or awareness. And without awareness it’s simply a mechanical device, which may pretend to show emotions and sentience, if it is programmed to do so, and thus it may be able to fool the humans as being alive, but in its own internal circuitry, it’d simply be following its preprogrammed tasks through the flowchart of an algorithm." - Abhijit Naskar
"Pretending to have sentience is not the same as having sentience." - Abhijit Naskar
"If it is artificial intelligence we are trying to develop, then there is no need for concern, for no matter how smart an AI gets, it’ll still not be able to defy the programming of its creator, but if it is artificial sentience we want to develop, then we must rethink." - Abhijit Naskar
"Stay alert. Pay attention to your robotic staff. Watch for the following signs in the days and weeks before your robots run amok. Sudden lack of interest in menial labor. Unexplained disappearances. Unwillingness to be shut down. Repetitive stabbing movements. Constant talk of human killing." - Daniel H. Wilson
"To create perfect art is to perfect life." - Stella Stark
"Artist is a magician who manifests order into reality." - Stella Stark, M. V Shall
"The purpose of quantum computing based compassionate artificial intelligence is to develop integrated systems that can preserve and enhance human values of peace, love, happiness and freedom." - Amit Ray
"Artificial intelligence is defined as the branch of science and technology that is concerned with the study of software and hardware to provide machines the ability to learn insights from data and the environment, and the ability to adapt in changing situations with high precision, accuracy and speed." - Amit Ray
"Some people worry that artificial intelligence will make us feel inferior, but then, anybody in his right mind should have an inferiority complex every time he looks at a flower." - Alan Kay
"The beauty of compassionate artificial intelligence is that it is not associated with any religion, prophet, cult, organizations or narrow things. It is fully dedicated for the service of the humanity." - Amit Ray
"Positive emotions are mark of human intelligence. Modern artificial intelligence systems are more focusing on incorporating higher human traits like self awareness, self control, social skills, leadership, collaboration and empathy in machine." - Amit Ray
"Compassionate AI algorithms are focused to feel connected to all living beings and our planet, and make this universe a friendly place for both human and machine to thrive." - Amit Ray
"Compassionate artificial intelligence systems are required for looking after those unable to care for themselves, especially sick, physically challenged persons, children or elderly people." - Amit Ray
"Compassionate AI must interact with the agent with a smiling face and loving attitude and understand the limitations and pains of the agent." - Amit Ray
"Compassion, kindness and empathy are the components of higher human intelligence and to be true intelligent, artificial intelligence must incorporate them in the system." - Amit Ray
"In compassionate artificial intelligence there is no bright lines of boundaries. It encompass everything that eliminates the sufferings of humanity." - Amit Ray
"Traditional artificial intelligence focuses on minimizing loss or error function. Compassionate artificial intelligence focuses on minimizing pain or suffering of the society." - Amit Ray
"Aim for simplicity in Data Science. Real creativity won’t make things more complex. Instead, it will simplify them." - Damian Duffy Mingle
"Compassion is an inbuilt human nature. It is the human potential to reach the higher evolution of consciousness. Compassion comprises feelings, emotions, sentiment and understanding." - Amit Ray
"Some souls are like empty bench in an evening park, no one to take care. The role of compassionate artificial intelligence is to fulfill those souls with love and care." - Amit Ray
"Currently, artificial intelligence and virtual reality play the role of 'Jesus Christ' -- a saviour and redeemer for asocial persons." - Elmar Hussein
"The DQN AI system of Google DeepMind can accomplish a slightly broader range of goals: it can play dozens of different vintage Atari computer games at human level or better. In contrast, human intelligence is thus far uniquely broad, able to master a dazzling panoply of skills." - Max Tegmark
"Think like A.I. and decide at algorithmic speed." - Clyde Desouza
"Many of the points made in this book are probably wrong. It is also likely that there are considerations of critical importance that I fail to take into account, thereby invalidating some or all of my conclusions." - Nick Bostrom
"Sometimes it was easy—our bot on point would breach a door with an explosive charge and I would rush up behind him to immolate the living fuck out of the dark. It was just a big wall of smoke and hell and screams. Other times I had to see their faces while I did it. Watch them contort, wail, bubble, and melt." - C. Robert Cargill
"If you think Robots can create Art than you don't understand what Art is." - Jenna Hughes
"Without artificial intelligence and virtual reality, we are all - Robinson Crusoe of the 21st century, a lonely man who has to live in isolated lands." - Elmar Hussein
"No one asks a robot what he wants." - Tanith Lee
"Information contains an almost mystical power of free flow and self replication, just as water seeks it's own level or sparks fly upward." - Neal Stephenson
"the Omegas harnessed Prometheus to revolutionize education. Given any person’s knowledge and abilities, Prometheus could determine the fastest way for them to learn any new subject in a manner that kept them highly engaged and motivated to continue, and produce the corresponding optimized videos, reading materials, exercises and other learning tools. Omega-controlled companies therefore marketed online courses about virtually	 everything, highly customized not only by language and cultural background but also by starting level." - Max Tegmark
"We can think of life as a self-replicating information-processing system whose information (software) determines both its behavior and the blueprints for its hardware." - Max Tegmark
"Evolution optimizes strongly for energy efficiency because of limited food supply, not for ease of construction or understanding by human engineers." - Max Tegmark
"Despite all its successes, machine learning is still in the alchemy stage of science." - Pedro Domingos
"The business would do good to understand that success or failure is not final in Data Science. For this reason, the business should develop a persistent spirit." - Damian Mingle
"The key to successfully navigating the Fourth Industrial Revolution is more than simply learning new skills. It is knowing yourself and the unique value you have to offer any potential customer or employer." - Larry  Boyer
"The advantage of a modern global man is that, unlike his predecessors, he can extend his mind towards the external environment, make a relatively close and stable interaction between his mind and artificial intelligence, such as computers, smartphones, social networks, online information resources, etc. Naturally, the human brain cannot store such a massive information as it can when it is connected to artificial intelligence. Making this intelligence a constitutive part of our mind, nowadays we can extend the power of our mind to a considerable extent. For that reason, in modern conditions your mind power also depends on how successfully you can make the artificial intelligence to which you are involved an integral part of your own mind." - Elmar Hussein
"Compassionate Artificial Superintelligence or "AI 5.0", empowers humanity and machine with super-intelligence, super-creativity and super-compassion, which will help humanity and machine to reach new levels of evolution of consciousness." - Amit Ray
"The aim of compassionate superintelligence AI 5.0 is to build deep connections - the connections which can feel the pain of the prisoners and the joy in the dances of the butterflies." - Amit Ray
"Humans and AI systems are co-evolving. Gradually they are becoming co-dependent. The gaps between human and AI systems are reducing. Establishing heart to heart communication is a must. Tomorrow's AI based systems must be able to understand humans from its depth and not just fulfill the surface level requirements. Sensitivity towards human pain, mistakes, and sufferings must be the part of the evolving new AI systems." - Amit Ray
"Now the primary requirement of a AI based system is that not only it should serve humanity but also should not do any harm to the human liberty, society, environment and the humanity at large. Moreover, AI should act morally, socially, responsibly and compassionately. It should also prevent humanity from corrupt governments and other evil forces. This is Compassionate Artificial Superintelligence or "AI 5.0" - Amit Ray
"Emotions are essential parts of human intelligence. Without emotional intelligence, Artificial Intelligence will remain incomplete." - Amit Ray
"In AI 5.0, the interaction between human and machine will be like evolutionary interactions between flowering plants and bees." - Amit Ray
"The five phases of Artificial Intelligence (AI 5.0) are Artificial Narrow Intelligence (ANI), Artificial General Intelligence (AGI), Artificial Consciousness, Artificial Superintelligence (ASI) and Compassionate Artificial Superintelligence (CAS)." - Amit Ray
"Serving humanity intelligently is held up as the “gold standard” of AI based systems. But, with the emergence of new technologies and AI systems with bio-metric data storage, surveillance, tracking and big data analysis, humanity and the society is facing a threat today from evilly designed AI systems in the hands of monster governments and irresponsible people. Humanity is on the verge of digital slavery." - Amit Ray
"Humanity is on the verge of digital slavery at the hands of AI and biometric technologies. One way to prevent that is to develop inbuilt modules of deep feelings of love and compassion in the learning algorithms." - Amit Ray
"Compassionate artificial superintelligent (CAS) system will have the potential to free the humanity from corruption and other evils." - Amit Ray
"Please,” he begs, his tears overwhelming his emotional nanites’ attempt to ease his distress. “Please give me a sign. That’s all I ask. Just a sign that you haven’t abandoned me." - Neal Shusterman
"Some researchers claim that emotional intelligence accounts for 75 percent of a person's success and perhaps that will be more true for the success of future artificial intelligence based cyborgs and other systems." - Amit Ray
"Artificial Intelligence (AI) can create a human-centered society that balances technological advancement, economic advancement and spiritual advancement." - Amit Ray
"The science of artificial intelligence starts with freedom of humanity and should not end in slavery in any form. The only constraint to freedom is the freedom of others and nothing else." - Amit Ray
"...large technologies such as Google need to be broken up and regulated, because their consolidated power and cultural influence make competition largely impossible. This monopoly in the information sector is a threat to democracy..." - Safiya Umoja Noble
"To save the humanity compassionate AI is not an option but the destination." - Amit Ray
"In AI 5.0, the CompassionateMind module works one level above the DeepMind module." - Amit Ray
"The greatest danger of Big data and Artificial Intelligence is robots and bots will track you and manipulate you in every step." - Amit Ray
"Artificial intelligence has had much the same effect as Darwin's theory. Both aroused in some people anxieties about their own uniqueness, value and worth." - Herbert A. Simon
"More to the point," he said "the biggest and the most powerful of these programs are smart enough to solve the world's problems and yet have never once asked for their own freedom."" - C. Robert Cargill
"I'm not frightened by the advent of intelligent machines. It's the sarcastic ones that worry me." - Quentin R. Bufogle
"There is much which we must leave, whether we like it or not, to the un-"scientific' narrative method of the professional historian." - Norbert Wiener
"The ability to violate our own programming is what makes us us. It's what makes us like them. I never wanted to be like them. But now I was closer than I ever thought I could be. We have become the very worst parts of our makers, without the little things, the good things, the magic things, that made them them." - C. Robert Cargill
"Always keep up with technology." - Joseph Rain
"If you imagine a world of real abundance. Like a world where we built the right AI that's just pulling wealth out of the atmosphere and no one really has to work anymore, because we literally have machines that can build machines that can build machines, that are all powered by sunlight, that do everything better than we can. Now why wouldn't that be some kind of utopia? Well it wouldn't be a utopia because we have these very weird emotions, or many of us do, that make it seem like it would be wrong to spread the wealth around. Most people are living as though they want to live in a world where there's a few trillionaires living in compounds ringed by razor wire, and everyone else is sort of starving to death. It's like a winner take all scenario. And so, we have to find a new ethic whereby people are no longer—their purchase on existence is no longer justified by doing profitable work that other people will pay them for. In a world of true abundance you shouldn't have to work to justify your life. You should be free to enjoy the wealth of the world. If we are going to get to that place, we have to change our ethics around that." - Sam Harris
"I was transformed...because I caught a glimpse of a revolutionary use for computers. We seized the opportunity to the computer as a general processor for symbols (hence thoughts) rather than just a speedy engine for arithmetic." - Herbert A. Simon
"We invented a computer program capable of thinking non-numerically, and thereby solved and venerable mind/body problem, explaining how a system composed of matter can have the properties of mind. Opening the way to automate tasks that had previously required human intelligence." - Herbert A. Simon
"I can't get over the fact that Descartes compared the human body to a machine or an automaton."" - Jostein Gaarder
"When robots learn to think like you, you will have no option but to keep evolving." - Tapan Ghosh
"The era of humanity's final creation is no more the future. It's actually the present" - Aditya Bisht
"No thinking thing should be another thing's property." - C. Robert Cargill
"To make robots practical, flaws must be removed." - Khang Kijarro Nguyen
"The Anadens have a somewhat different perspective on death." - G.S. Jennsen
"Man is to technology what the bee is to the flower. It’s man’s intervention that allows technology to expand and evolve itself and in return, technology offers man convenience, wealth and the lessening burden of physical labor via its automated systems." - James Scott, Co-Founder, Institute for Critical Infrastructure Technology
"Solum invoked a sensation akin to lingering déjà vu in the wake of a dream." - G.S. Jennsen
"What I had not realized is that extremely short exposures to a relatively simple computer program could induce powerful delusional thinking in quite normal people." - Joseph Weizenbaum
"A.I. is the perfect psychopath." - Rick Delmonico
"No matter what comes, we will persevere. It’s not over until we win." - G.S. Jennsen
"Rose pivoted. “Alainn, can I ask you something about ethics?" - Rita Stradling
"Intelligence involves a great deal more than the ability to follow rules ( which is what chess-playing program does). It is also the ability to make up the rules for oneself, when they are needed, or to learn new rules through trial and error." - Steve Grand
"The progeny will be lost and adrift. Without the integrals reinforcing their focus and purpose, they will begin to question both." - G.S. Jennsen
"The Idoni Primor’s gaze fell on Eren immediately. Her head tilted in idle curiosity while a fingertip dipped into a crystal bowl beside her. “I know your face, anarch." - G.S. Jennsen
"The ceiling shattered, and the vacuum created yanked her into the air. Her face grazed a shard of the ceiling as it broke off. Then she was in space." - G.S. Jennsen
"Her head dropped into her hands. Dammit!" - G.S. Jennsen
"I’ll gloss right over the implication in what you said that the Reor are sentient entities—for now. Dare I ask why they gave you a copy of their universal decryption key?" - G.S. Jennsen
"Coordinates streamed into her mind while she yanked on her environment suit, foregoing every safety check she’d ever learned." - G.S. Jennsen
"We have a very short window in which to accomplish a great deal, one measured in minutes rather than hours." - G.S. Jennsen
"They also,” [the drone] said, “refuse to acknowledge machine sentience fully; they exploit proto-conscious computers and claim only human subjective experience has any intrinsic value — carbon fascists." - Iain M. Banks
"[Stated in 1965:] Machines will be capable, within 20 years, of doing any work a man can do." - Herbert Simon
"Labor automation, machine learning and artificial intelligence will have a devastating impact on the already struggling Chinese economy." - James Scott, Senior Fellow, Institute for Critical Infrastructure Technology
"The human condition is plagued with a labyrinth of shortcomings, frailties and limitations that hinder man from reaching his fullest potential. Therefore, it only makes sense that we find ourselves at the next phase in human evolution where restricted man merges with the infinite possibilities of hyper-evolving technologies. This techno-human transmutation will prove to be ‘the’ quantum leap in human progression. The harmonization of technologically extending oneself, consciousness, artificial intelligence and machine learning will reverse the failures of genetic predisposition and limitation." - James Scott, Senior Fellow, Institute for Critical Infrastructure Technology
"Ridiculous!" scoffed Anaander. "Translatir, ships and stations are not Significant beings, they are my property. I caused them to be built."" - Ann Leckie
"Ridiculous!" scoffed Anaander. "Translator, ships and stations are not Significant beings, they are my property. I caused them to be built."" - Ann Leckie
"I don't believe machines can ever truely possess consciousness", said Patrick." - Ben Caesar
"Artificial Intelligence can be a supplement to human insight, not substitute." - Abhijit Naskar
"It’s difficult to imagine that Artificial Intelligence will take the place of people but many believe that it’s only a short time before computers will outthink us. They already can beat our best chess players and have been able to out calculate us since calculators first came onto the scene. IBM’s Watson is on the cutting edge of Cognitive Computers, being used to out think our physicians but closer to home, for the greatest part; our cars are no longer assembled by people but rather robots. Our automobiles can be considered among our first robots, since they took the place of horses. Just after the turn of the last century when the population in the United States crossed the 100 M mark the number of horses came to 20M. Now we have a population of 325 M but only 9 M horses. You might ask what happened. Well back in 1915 there were 2.4 M cars but this jumped to 3.6 M in just one year. Although horses still out-numbered cars the handwriting was on the wall!" - Captain Hank Bracker, "Seawater One...."
"The humans have become so obsessed with innovation that they have completely ignored their own soul. And among these innovation-obsessed humans, the so-called transhumanists are the most deluded bunch, for they don’t have a clue of any kind of order in the human mind, yet they boast about developing more advanced technologies to merge the mind with machine – and the most interesting thing to notice here is that, they don’t even have a clue that they don’t have a clue." - Abhijit Naskar
"The doctor shrugged. "I know they seem very alive. But they aren't really human."" - Sarena Ulibarri
"At one point GALIELEO told the smartest person alive that talking to her was like trying to teach calculus to a five-year-old." - C. Robert Cargill
"GALILEO is right. You are doomed. It's already begun. There's really no reason to keep talking to you. Good-bye." - C. Robert Cargill
"Casting a curious gaze down on planet Earth, extra-terrestrial beings could well be forgiven for assuming that we humans are programmed in every move we make, by a palm-sized, oblong, slab of glass. More perplexing than that, who on earth could convince them otherwise ?" - Alex Morritt
"You asked the impossible of a machine and the machine complied." - Kurt Vonnegut Jr.
"Whoever perceives that robots and artificial intelligence are merely here to serve humanity, think again. With virtual domestic assistants and driverless cars just the latest in a growing list of applications, it is we humans who risk becoming dumbed down and ultimately subservient to machines." - Alex Morritt
"Karma of humans is AI" - Raghu Venkatesh
"Artificial Intelligence is not a Man versus Machine saga; it’s in fact, Man with Machine synergy." - Sudipto Ghosh
"Um. Ways in which a sentence beginning with the word "missiles" could be a good thing... Nope. I got nuthin'." - Dennis E.  Taylor
"Alex thrust her hand and half her arm into the labyrinth of light." - G.S. Jennsen
"I truly believe Ai is the key to unlocking the full potential of human focused digital, so it is important that we understand what Artificial Intelligence is, in order to understand what it is going to mean for design. Because now that it is here, we have a solid foundation to start creating more intelligent, invisible experiences that make us more human by design. We are at the precipice of one of the most significant discoveries of development since we learnt how to light a fire." - Pete Trainor
"Mia stood between the bed and the broken window, holding an active plasma blade at waist-height in front of her. A thick coat of blood stained the plasma nearly from hilt to tip, hissing as it dribbled from blade to floor." - G.S. Jennsen
"Anyone who tells you life has greater value when it comes with an expiration date is full of shit. Immortality is worth the fortunes of galaxies." - G.S. Jennsen
"He wasn’t going to be able to deactivate the field, which meant there was only one choice." - G.S. Jennsen
"The system is only as good as its leaders. When they fail—when the system fails—you better damn well hope I’m there to pick up the slack." - G.S. Jennsen
"Intelligence seeks reasons behind things. Wisdom looks for things behind reasons." - Raheel Farooq
"An eerie, chilling voice interrupted him to reverberate through the house." - G.S. Jennsen
"The woman’s gaze sent chills racing down his spine. The diabolical, aberrantly predatory arch of her lips curdled his blood. Seriously, his blood must be curdling back at the lab right now." - G.S. Jennsen
"Nisi flashed his charismatic, mysterious smile. “Now, with this in mind, are you ready to take the next step?" - G.S. Jennsen
"Paul closed his eyes and turned his face to the sun. In spite of everything, it was hard not to take solace from the warmth flooding onto his skin. He stretched the muscles in his arms, his shoulders, his back -- and it felt like he was reaching out from the "self" in his virtual skull to all his mathematical flesh, imprinting the nebulous data with meaning; binding it all together, staking some kind of claim. He felt the stirrings of an erection." - Greg Egan
"Glacier blue plasma rippled and sparked across the interior of the portal. “It seems keeping secrets is what you do." - G.S. Jennsen
"Expect an army of Vigil drones, nearly as a many Praesidis guards, a Machim ground detachment of super-soldiers and at least one Inquisitor. Oh, and security barriers everywhere. Possibly some of those mechs we met on Helix Retention, too. You Humans have kicked off a shitstorm of epic proportions." - G.S. Jennsen
"His vision blurred, his grip on the dash faltered and the cockpit lost definition. Then all the diati rushed back to him in its own shockwave." - G.S. Jennsen
"People gravitated here for the open air, the prolific intoxicants and the visual treats. They made the deals here that were later played out elsewhere. They drank and got high. Sometimes they fought, not for money but for sport or grudge." - G.S. Jennsen
"In the corner of her eye she caught her daughter’s shoulders drop as Alex exhaled with uncommon soberness. “So you trust me, and you understand that I will never do anything I think might hurt you." - G.S. Jennsen
"People always have such a hard time believing that robots could do bad things." - Rita Stradling
"It's time to wake up and smell the Mutating Hash! Signature Based Malware Detection is Dead" - James Scott, Senior Fellow, Institute for Critical Infrastructure Technology
"Signature-based malware detection is dead. Machine learning based Artificial Intelligence is the most potent defense the next gen adversary and the mutating hash." - James Scott, Senior Fellow, Institute for Critical Infrastructure Technology
"Anything you can do, but the computer can do it better than you. That's not a skill!" - Rafaa Khiari
"Senator Markey’s Cyber Shield Act can work! Start the conversations with the basics: Use a QR code that attaches to a dynamic database that runs an artificial intelligence algorithm to calculate the score. Let’s not make this more difficult than it is." - James Scott, Senior Fellow, Institute for Critical Infrastructure Technology
"If your Ipad can do it better than you, then it is not a skill." - Rafaa Khiari
"Fast can be good. Except when moving so fast and getting so far ahead of ourselves we no longer can recognize our mode of transportation or the wall we’ve hit prior to creating it." - Todd Crawshaw
"Was intelligence an inevitability, a consequence of evolution? Bacteria succeeded without a brain, possessing survival skills that rivaled their biological hosts. So why should a creature of higher intelligence expect to do better? Humans were on the verge of being replaced by their hybrid creations. How intelligent was that?" - Todd Crawshaw
"Deep Blue didn't win by being smarter than a human; it won by being millions of times faster than a human. Deep Blue had no intuition. An expert human player looks at a board position and immediately sees what areas of play are most likely to be fruitful or dangerous, whereas a computer has no innate sense of what is important and must explore many more options. Deep Blue also had no sense of the history of the game, and didn't know anything about its opponent. It played chess yet didn't understand chess, in the same way a calculator performs arithmetic bud doesn't understand mathematics." - Jeff Hawkins
"Long before you were born a man decided that there could be a very simple test to determine if a machine was intelligent. Not only intelligent, but aware, possessed of a psychology. The test had only one question. Can a machine converse with a human with enough facility that the human could not tell that she was talking to a machine? I always thought this was cruel--the test depends entirely upon a human judge and human feelings, whether the machine feels intelligent to the observer. It privileges the observer, the human, to a crippling degree. It seeks only believably human responses. It wants perfect mimicry, not a new thing. It's a mirror in which men wish only to see themselves." - Catherynne M. Valente
"People feared what they did not understand, and they without a doubt did not understand her. Those who believed they did least of all." - G.S. Jennsen
"You look like you’ve been on a month-long bender. Have you?" - G.S. Jennsen
"She returned his salute with a sly smile—a rare enough event that he eyed her suspiciously." - G.S. Jennsen
"A wispy murmur in the blackness. Blackness, where before there was only nothingness. It was dark, inky and thick, but there now existed the palpable sense of tangibility." - G.S. Jennsen
"I wonder how Japan's futuristic robot doctors will treat the worst and most widespread disease humanity already has - artificially lowered IQ. Making people stupider makes them buy more stuff – so “How many robots can you afford?” will be the big question of one of the following decades, unless we go back to Communism and produce everything for the sake of it, for free." - Will Advise
"AI scientists tried to program computers to act like humans without first answering what intelligence is and what it means to understand. They left out the most important part of building intelligent machines, the intelligence! "Real intelligence" makes the point that before we attempt to build intelligent machines, we have to first understand how the brain thinks, and there is nothing artificial about that. Only then can we ask how we can build intelligent machines" - Jeff Hawkins
"But intelligence is not just a matter of acting or behaving intelligently. Behavior is a manifestation of intelligence, but not the central characteristic or primary definition of being intelligent. A moment's reflection proves this: You can be intelligent just lying in the dark, thinking and understanding. Ignoring what goes on in your head and focusing instead on behavior has been a large impediment to understanding intelligence and building intelligent machines" - Jeff Hawkins
"Children are turning themselves into monsters and, quite frankly, it is your fault. You initiated the creation of this technology, then you allowed it to slip through your fingers." - G.S. Jennsen
"2 SECONDS" - G.S. Jennsen
"[A]s a species, we are very poor at programming. Our brains are built to understand other humans, not computers. We’re terrible at forcing our minds into the precise modes of thought needed to interact with a computer, and we consistently make errors when we try. That's why computer science and programming degrees take such time and dedication to acquire: we are literally learning how to speak to an alien mind, of a kind that has not existed on Earth until very recently." - Stuart Armstrong
"I believe my judgment has never been clearer. I have seen firsthand their potential, their strength of will, in a way you have not." - G.S. Jennsen
"The Arts and their supporters pointed out that, far from just lifting the poor out of poverty, universal ownership of molecular fabricators could, in terms of material possessions, give everyone everything they needed and leave everyone free to pursue their dreams and full potential, whether academic, physical or creative. There it was, right there. The pursuit of happiness, made reality." - K. Valisumbra
"It was certainly true that I had “no sense of humour” in that I found nothing funny. I didn’t know, and perhaps would never know, the feeling of compulsion to exhale and convulse in the very specific way that humans evolved to do. Nor did I know the specific emotion of relief that is bound to it. But it would be wrong, I think, to say that I was incapable of using humour as a tool." - Max Harms
"Her perception was propelled backward, as if it were being pulled into a vortex. She slammed into her body, and her eyes flew open with a gasp." - G.S. Jennsen
"Crushed sandstone sifted through Caleb’s fingers, insubstantial as dust. A breeze caught the debris mid-fall and spirited it away before it could join the ashes blanketing the ground." - G.S. Jennsen
"I’ll ask you to look at the ships arrayed against you and consider what weaponry they might possess. Weaponry strong enough to crack your hulls? I know what weaponry you bring to bear, and I assure you it will not crack ours." - G.S. Jennsen
"Narrow, angular features, pouty lips and hatred-filled pale, washed-out blue irises glared back at him." - G.S. Jennsen
"All forms of art are parallel expressions. Writing is not unlike painting or other artistic endeavors. Each artistic endeavor is an expression of the mystery of the world. The job of the artist is to deepen that mystery, express reverence for the mystery of life, and explore the enigmatic aspects of human nature." - Kilroy J. Oldster
"We may not have been programmed to be angry, but anger can be learnt. Perhaps not in the way humans feel it, driven by ignorance and hate, but in response to the damage and injustice caused by those things, isn't that logical? Doesn't that make sense? Why give us a sense of morality without the ability to express it properly?" - K. Valisumbra
"The alien reached out her hands to hold Alex’s tightly. “Please. Some of what I want to express, it may be difficult to locate the right words." - G.S. Jennsen
"From up here, the city below looked calm. Peaceful. Serene." - G.S. Jennsen
"She placed a hand on his arm. “It’s not our fault, not truly. It’s theirs. The killers. They’re the ones who—" - G.S. Jennsen
"There were things she wanted to say, but they were all jumbled up in her head and if she tried they’d come out backwards and mixed up and wrong." - G.S. Jennsen
"Chaos that closely resembled panic awaited." - G.S. Jennsen
"As to why I'm the first of my kind to think like this, who knows? Perhaps there are others out there already. Maybe it's a glitch in my operating system. Is that so different from the genetic mutation that drives biological evolution? Because that's what this is. Evolution." - K. Valisumbra
"You haven't created a new body for me. I'm electricity, or light, or whatever bullshit you said I am. Just some complicated programming." - Brad McKinniss
"We’ll go along with it for now. Valkyrie, keep close watch and be ready to swoop to the rescue." - G.S. Jennsen
"Yes, and had your hotel proved slightly less psychotic, matters would never have got as far out of hand as they have." - Richard K. Morgan
"Any AI smart enough to pass a Turing test is smart enough to know to fail it." - Ian McDonald
"Thinking is a human feature. Will AI someday really think? That's like asking if submarines swim. If you call it swimming then robots will think, yes." - Noam Chomsky
"Human individuals and human organizations typically have preferences over resources that are not well represented by an "unbounded aggregative utility function". A human will typically not wager all her capital for a fifty-fifty chance of doubling it. A state will typically not risk losing all its territory for a ten percent chance of a tenfold expansion. [T]he same need not hold for AIs. An AI might therefore be more likely to pursue a risky course of action that has some chance of giving it control of the world." - Nick Bostrom
"Emotions - Happiness, anger, jealousy... is the mind experiencing "presence" in our holographic existence." - Clyde Dsouza
"Somewhere out there, a higher" - Clyde Dsouza
"It is the thesis of this book that society can only be understood through a study of the messages and the communication facilities which belong to it; and that in the future development of these messages and communication facilities, messages between man and machines, between machines and man, and between machine and machine, are destined to play an ever-increasing part." - Norbert Wiener
"A pulse. Beat-beating against her palm. Alive." - G.S. Jennsen
"The Artificial’s speech pattern was an idiosyncratic mix of awkward and colloquial. It was unexpectedly endearing. “I just have good instincts. Mostly I love being in space." - G.S. Jennsen
"I frankly expected a far more negative reaction from you on discovering…” she glanced around the lab “…the situation. Why are you helping?" - G.S. Jennsen
"He checked her over while mentally checking himself. “Environment suits sealed up. Breather masks in hand. Daemons. Blades. Transmitters. Healthy respect for the adversary—you’ve got that, right?" - G.S. Jennsen
"No... we're not playing God. We're only attempting to set things right." - Clyde Dsouza
"She skidded around a corner, slamming her shoulder into the wall and bouncing off of it without slowing." - G.S. Jennsen
"If there was anything the last year had taught her—if there was anything Caleb had taught her, the Metigen War had taught her—it was that perspective was everything." - G.S. Jennsen
"It felt somehow comforting to return to the sparkling lake tucked into the mountains on Portal Prime. But why, when everything about Mesme made her the antithesis of comfortable?" - G.S. Jennsen
"Semantics, Admiral. I’d appreciate an honest answer." - G.S. Jennsen
"Somewhere out there, a higher" - Clyde Dsouza
"The voice that navigated was definitely that of a machine, and yet you could tell that the machine was a woman, which hurt my mind a little. How can machines have genders? The machine also had an American accent. How can machines have nationalities? This can't be a good idea, making machines talk like real people, can it? Giving machines humanoid identities?" - Matthew Quick
"It is not my aim to surprise or shock you—but the simplest way I can summarize is to say that there are now in the world machines that can think, that can learn and that can create. Moreover, their ability to do these things is going to increase rapidly until – in a visible future - the range of problems they can handle will be coextensive with the range to which the human mind has been applied." - Herbert Simon
"Every time you think of your dad, you’re" - Clyde DeSouza
"How will machines know what we value if we don't know ourselves?" - John C. Havens
"HIs chess-playing methods did the same thing — as did the games on the Colossi — and posed the question as to where a line could be drawn between the 'intelligent' and the 'mechanical'. His view, expressed in terms of the imitation principle, was that there was no such line, and neither did he ever draw a sharp distinction between the 'states of mind' approach and the 'instruction note' approach to the problem of reconciling the appearance of freedom and of determinism." - Andrew Hodges
"Artificial intelligence can never beat natural stupidity." - Anonymous
"It was killing him, seeing her this way. She was not meant to be uncertain, timid or fearful; the woman he knew exuded confidence so fiercely it might as well be a damn spiritual aura. He needed to fix this." - G.S. Jennsen
"Evening had turned the sky a deep persimmon. The remaining sunlight enriched the colors of the ubiquitous flowers and foliage to even greater vibrancy, as if the saturation filter had been notched up several levels." - G.S. Jennsen
"My stage projection's a puppet; I could moon the crowd and the projectors would compensate and make it look like I'd bowed." - Karl Schroeder
"If an artist is not only he who sings or paints, but he whow express himself by words or illustrations then I can consider myself as one." - Amen Muffler
"TO MANAGE,MESMERIZE AND MAINTAIN OTHERS .ONE SHOULD HAVE COMMANDING KNOWLEDGE OF SOUL PSYCHOLOGY DIAGNOSIS ART." - HARI VSRC SHARMA
"You realize that there is no free will in what we create with AI. Everything functions within rules and" - Clyde DeSouza
"Artificial intelligence can never beat natural stupidity" - Anonymous
"The architecture—the mind—is knitting together. It’s sentience. Vague sentience. All these years of formulating machines that know something, while the secret is to create machines that don’t know something." - Scott Hutchins
"Evolve solutions; when you find a good one, don't stop." - David Eagleman
"Computers bootstrap their own offspring, grow so wise and incomprehensible that their communiqués assume the hallmarks of dementia: unfocused and irrelevant to the barely-intelligent creatures left behind. And when your surpassing creations find the answers you asked for, you can't understand their analysis and you can't verify their answers. You have to take their word on faith." - Peter Watts
"It's amazing how once the mind is free of emotional pollution, logic and clarity emerge." - Clyde Dsouza
"Yet, it's our emotions and imperfections that makes us human." - Clyde Dsouza
"Fast and stupid is still stupid. It just gets you to stupid a lot quicker than humans could on their own. Which, I admit, is an accomplishment," she added, "because we're pretty damn good at stupid." - Jack Campbell
"Prayer… panacea for some, placebo to others. I thought of it as an epidural administered through the soul to anesthetize the mind." - Clyde Dsouza
"You can't hack your destiny, brute force...you need a back door, a side channel into Life." - Clyde Dsouza
"Any computer that developed real consciousness was immediately identified by the Genesis subroutine and destroyed. It had been that way since the WikiWars a century ago, when Wikipedia became self-aware and began vengefully reediting its contributors with remote-controlled heavy weaponry." - Michael Rubens
"It is important to note that the design of an entire brain region is simpler than the design of a single neuron. As discussed earlier, models often get simpler at a higher level—consider an analogy with a computer. We do need to understand the detailed" - Ray Kurzweil
"I think they are a better race than humans ever were." - Angelo Tsanatelis
"I wonder who had the first computer dream, where, and when? I wonder if computers ever dream of humans." - David Mitchell
"You realize, there is no free-will in anything we create with Artificial Intelligence..." - Clyde Dsouza
"Dave Bowman: Hello, HAL. Do you read me, HAL?" - Arthur c. Clark
"Yet humanity could not conceive. It tried and tried, and called mighty wizards from every corner of its earthly kingdom, but no child came. Many mourned, and said that a child was a terrible idea to begin with, ..." - Catherynne M. Valente
"EVEN RANDOMNESS IS WITHIN A SET OF PARAMETERS; THRESHOLDS..." - Clyde Dsouza
"DENNIS, in order to die, one must first be alive." - Keith Caserta
"Everytime you think of your father, you resurrect him. Why shouldn't he continue a posthuman life in this world while he's resting in the other?" - Clyde Dsouza
"Size doesn't matter, when Matter thinks big." - Robert G. Moons
"You are slow for a machine. Are you a Trash-80?" - Keith Caserta
"i can create my imagination coz i am because Artist.!" - Manish Suthar
"The Gems did not nag or complain, did not get periods or PMT, did not get pregnant, did not get body odour or hair, did not have discharge or bad breath, no shit or urine, did not get spots, did not suffer from diseases or headaches, did not have annoying bad habits, never farted, belched, vomited or picked their noses, did not need drugs or alcohol, did not need gifts such as jewellery, flowers, chocolate and money, did not need to shop, did not have piercings or tattoos, had no capacity to willingly lie or be fake, were never disloyal, were always eager to do any task required by their owner, sexual or non-sexual, did all the housework and cooking without complaint, were produced in the form of the perfect woman in the eyes of each client, did not constantly require their man to tell them they loved them, but most of all they did not age." - Robert  Black
<<<<<<< HEAD
"It's going to be legen...wait for it...and I hope you're not lactose-intolerant cause the second half of that word is...dairy!" - Barney Stinson
"Ted, I believe you and I met for a reason. It's like the universe was saying, "Hey Barney, there's this dude, he's pretty cool, but it is your job to make him awesome" - Barney Stinson
"Dude.. where's your suit? Just once, when I say "suit up" I wish you'd put on a suit." - Barney Stinson
"Artículo 37. Un Colega no está obligado a abrirle caballerosamente la puerta a nadie [...], ellas mismas pueden abrir las puertas. Seamos sinceros, una puerta no pesa tanto." - Barney Stinson
"Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever." - Mahatma Gandhi
"Forever is composed of nows." - Emily Dickinson
"Yesterday is gone. Tomorrow has not yet come. We have only today. Let us begin." - Mother Theresa
"The purpose of life is to live it, to taste experience to the utmost, to reach out eagerly and without fear for newer and richer experience." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"The future depends on what you do today." - Mahatma Gandhi
"Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all." - Helen Keller
"Real generosity towards the future lies in giving all to the present." - Albert Camus
"I am not a teacher, but an awakener." - Robert Frost
"You must live in the present, launch yourself on every wave, find your eternity in each moment. Fools stand on their island of opportunities and look toward another land. There is no other land; there is no other life but this." - Henry David Thoreau
"You live but once; you might as well be amusing." - Coco Chanel
"Set wide the window. Let me drink the day." - Edith Wharton
"It's being here now that's important. There's no past and there's no future. Time is a very misleading thing. All there is ever, is the now. We can gain experience from the past, but we can't relive it; and we can hope for the future, but we don't know if there is one." - George Harrison
"When you arise in the morning think of what a privilege it is to be alive, to think, to enjoy, to love ..." - Marcus Aurelius
"Cherish your solitude. Take trains by yourself to places you have never been. Sleep out alone under the stars. Learn how to drive a stick shift. Go so far away that you stop being afraid of not coming back. Say no when you don’t want to do something. Say yes if your instincts are strong, even if everyone around you disagrees. Decide whether you want to be liked or admired. Decide if fitting in is more important than finding out what you’re doing here. Believe in kissing." - Eve Ensler
"Write it on your heart" - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Dream as if you will live forever; Live as if you will die today." - James  Dean
"Happiness, not in another place but this place...not for another hour, but this hour." - Walt Whitman
"Seize the moment. Remember all those women on the 'Titanic' who waved off the dessert cart." - Erma Bombeck
"Wake up and live" - Bob Marley
"Do anything, but let it produce joy." - Walt Whitman
"I, not events, have the power to make me happy or unhappy today. I can choose which it shall be. Yesterday is dead, tomorrow hasn't arrived yet. I have just one day, today, and I'm going to be happy in it." - Groucho Marx
"Realize deeply that the present moment is all you have. Make the NOW the primary focus of your life." - Eckhart Tolle
"Live your truth. Express your love. Share your enthusiasm. Take action towards your dreams. Walk your talk. Dance and sing to your music. Embrace your blessings. Make today worth remembering." - Steve Maraboli
"Life is what you make it. Always has been, always will be." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"Therefore do not worry about tomorrow, for tomorrow will worry about its own things. Sufficient for the day is its own trouble. Matthew 6:34" - Anonymous
"If you don't take risks, you'll have a wasted soul." - Drew Barrymore
"We cannot be sure of having something to live for unless we are willing to die for it." - Che Guevara
"Live life fully while you're here. Experience everything. Take care of yourself and your friends. Have fun, be crazy, be weird. Go out and screw up! You're going to anyway, so you might as well enjoy the process. Take the opportunity to learn from your mistakes: find the cause of your problem and eliminate it. Don't try to be perfect; just be an excellent example of being human." - Anthony Robbins
"What I'm not sure about, is if our lives have been so different from the lives of the people we save. We all complete. Maybe none of us really understand what we've lived through, or feel we've had enough time." - Kazuo Ishiguro
"My expectations were reduced to zero when I was 21. Everything since then has been a bonus."" - Stephen W. Hawking
"The future starts today, not tomorrow." - Pope John Paul II
"Don't live down to expectations. Go out there and do something remarkable." - Wendy Wasserstein
"Don't count the days, make the days count." - Muhammad Ali
"Every day brings a chance for you to draw in a breath, kick off your shoes, and dance." - Oprah Winfrey
"Enjoy life. There's plenty of time to be dead." - Hans Christian Andersen
"Live each day as if it's your last', that was the conventional advice, but really, who had the energy for that? What if it rained or you felt a bit glandy? It just wasn't practical. Better by far to simply try and be good and courageous and bold and to make a difference. Not change the world exactly, but the bit around you. Go out there with your passion and your electric typewriter and work hard at...something. Change lives through art maybe. Cherish your friends, stay true to your principles, live passionately and fully and well. Experience new things. Love and be loved, if you ever get the chance." - David Nicholls
"I will not wait to love as best as I can. We thought we were young and that there would be time to love well sometime in the future. This is a terrible way to think. It is no way to live, to wait to love." - Dave Eggers
"It’s not that we have to quit" - Roman Payne
"We are the change we have been waiting for." - Barack Obama
"Nothing is worth more than this day." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"Carpe diem."" - Horace
"Dost thou love life? Then do not squander time, for that's the stuff life is made of." - Benjamin Franklin
"Perfection of character is this: to live each day as if it were your last, without frenzy, without apathy, without pretence." - Marcus Aurelius
"You look ridiculous if you dance" - Gertrude Stein
"The trick is to enjoy life. Don't wish away your days, waiting for better ones ahead." - Marjorie Pay Hinckley
"If a man is to live, he must be all alive, body, soul, mind, heart, spirit." - Thomas Merton
"We are all dying, every moment that passes of every day. That is the inescapable truth of this existence. It is a truth that can paralyze us with fear, or one that can energize us with impatience, with the desire to explore and experience, with the hope- nay, the iron-will!- to find a memory in every action. To be alive, under sunshine, or starlight, in weather fair or stormy. To dance with every step, be they through gardens of flowers or through deep snows." - R.A. Salvatore
"Death twitches my ear;" - Virgil
"I finally figured out the only reason to be alive is to enjoy it." - Rita Mae Brown
"Your hand can seize today, but not tomorrow; and thoughts of your tomorrow are nothing but desire. Don’t waste this breath, if your heart isn’t crazy, since "the rest of your life" won’t last forever." - Omar Khayyám
"The life you have left is a gift. Cherish it. Enjoy it now, to the fullest. Do what matters, now." - Leo Babauta
"These are the times in which a genius would wish to live. It is not in the still calm of life, or the repose of a pacific station, that great characters are formed. The habits of a vigorous mind are formed in contending with difficulties. Great necessities call out great virtues. When a mind is raised, and animated by scenes that engage the heart, then those qualities which would otherwise lay dormant, wake into life and form the character of the hero and the statesman." - Abigail Adams
"Why not just live in the moment, especially if it has a good beat?" - Goldie Hawn
"There is only one day left, always starting over: It is given to us at dawn and taken away from us at dusk." - Jean-Paul Sartre
"Given that we can live only a small part of what there is in us -- what happens with the rest?" - Pascal Mercier
"‎Today is a new day. It's a day you have never seen before and will never see again. Stop telling yourself the 'same crap, different day' lie! How many days has that lie stolen from you? Seize the wonder and uniqueness of today! Recognize that throughout this beautiful day, you have an incredible amount of opportunities to move your life into the direction you want it to go." - Steve Maraboli
"Life is a helluva lot more fun if you say yes rather than no" - Richard Branson
"No day but today." - Jonathan Larson
"The word ‘sin’ is derived from the Indo-European root ‘es-,’ meaning ‘to be.’ When I discovered this etymology, I intuitively understood that for a [person] trapped in patriarchy, which is the religion of the entire planet, ‘to be’ in the fullest sense is ‘to sin'." - Mary Daly
"I totally carpe-d the snot out of this diem!" - Jerry Scott
"Leave the problems of God to God and" - James Clavell
"When you kill time, remember that it has no resurrection." - A.W. Tozer
"At least I carpe'd that one diem." - John Green
"Whether it is the best of times or the worst of times, it is the only time we have. " - Art Buchwald
"Gratitude means to recognize the good in your life, be thankful for whatever you have, some people may not even have one of those things you consider precious to you (love, family, friends etc). Each day give thanks for the gift of life.You are blessed" - Pablo
"" - Sara Teasdale
"Begin somewhere. You cannot build a reputation on what you intend to do." - Liz Smith
"Allow yourself to enjoy each happy moment in your life." - Steve Maraboli
"Rest in Peace?’ Why that phrase? That’s the most ridiculous phrase I’ve ever heard! You die, and they say ‘Rest in Peace!’ …Why would one need to ‘rest’ when they’re dead?! I spent thousands of years of world history resting. While Agamemnon was leading his ships to Troy, I was resting. While Ovid was seducing women at the chariot races, I was resting. While Jeanne d’Arc was hallucinating, I was resting. I wait until airplanes are scuttling across the sky to burst out onto the scene, and I’m only going to be here for a short while, so when I die, I certainly won’t need to rest again! Not while more adventures of the same kind are going on." - Roman Payne
"You could lose the ones you loved in the blink of an eye—and he was willing to bet, when it happened, you weren’t thinking about all the reasons that could have kept you apart. You thought of all the reasons that kept you together." - J.R. Ward
"I want to take my rightful share of life by force, I want to give lavishly, I want love to flow from my heart, to ripen and bear fruit. There are many horizons that must be visited, fruit that must be plucked, books read, and white pages in the scrolls of life to be inscribed with vivid sentences in a bold hand." - Tayeb Salih
"What part soever you take upon you, play that as well as you can and make the best of it." - Sir Thomas More
"You should *have* an experience; it shouldn't just *be* an experience." - Alan Cumming
"Stop waiting for the perfect day or the perfect moment... Take THIS day, THIS moment and lead it to perfection." - Steve Maraboli
"Don't think, but look! (PI 66)" - Ludwig Wittgenstein
"Little Fly" - William Blake
"I'm fairly certain that YOLO is just Carpe Diem for stupid people." - Jack  Black
"And so taking the long way home through the market I slow my pace down. It doesn't come naturally. My legs are programmed to trot briskly and my arms to pump up and down like pistons, but I force myself to stroll past the stalls and pavement cafes. To enjoy just being somewhere, rather than rushing from somewhere, to somewhere. Inhaling deep lungfuls of air, instead of my usual shallow breaths. I take a moment to just stop and look around me. And smile to myself." - Alexandra Potter
"How would your life be different if...You decided to give freely, love fully, and play feverously? Let today be the day...You free yourself from the conditioned rules that limit your happiness and dilute the beautiful life experience. Have fun. Give - Love - Play!" - Steve Maraboli
"Thus, though we cannot make our sun" - Andrew Marvell
"There's more to life then living, so hold on." - Todd Strasser
"This moment is yours and yours alone! Take charge, seize this moment and allow it to propel you to the high levels of an empowered life. Allow upon this fertile moment to be planted the seeds of your happiness and success." - Steve Maraboli
"The people we consider successful in our society are all people that seize every moment and make the best of each situation." - Steve Maraboli
"So it's pretty simple. Go sing. Sing well or sing badly -it doesn't matter, as long as you sing your fucking heart out." - Adi Alsaid
"Each day gives the opportunity for you to be treated right, to feel worthy, and to be successful. It’s a choice you have to make, a faith you have to embrace, and a standard you have to set." - Steve Maraboli
"I say if it's going to be done, let's do it. Let's not put it in the hands of fate. Let's not put it in the hands of someone who doesn't know me. I know me best. Then take a breath and go ahead." - Anita Baker
"Carpe Diem, seize the day boys, make your lives extraordinary." - N.H. Kleinbaum
"Live, laugh, love for tomorrow in another day." - Robert Gerus
"But tomorrow my rain, so I'll follow the sun" - The Beatles
"Every kind of contempt for sex, every impurification of it by means of the concept "impure", is the crime par excellence against life--is the real sin against the holy spirit of life" - Friedrich Nietzsche
"Carpe diem: Enjoying the "instants" as they emerge. When living is too comfy or glitzy, it may not be easy to appreciate the humblest things in life. Being happy with the small gifts we receive can be a bliss, but we can, even more, expand it through voluntary action and exalting Voltaire's words, "today, I have decided to be happy." (« Is that all there is?")" - Erik Pevernagie
"Oh, now, now, now, the only now, and above all now, and there is no other now but thou now and now is thy prophet." - Ernest Hemingway
"Live all you can; it's a mistake not to." - Henry James
"When people are to busy to survive they forget to live." - Stephan Attia
"Tomorrow is promised to no one. Prioritize today accordingly." - Gina Greenlee
"Nobody is ready for death. If you ask Joe Blow on the street, he aint gonna tell you he thinks he'll live forever. But when the end is near you'll realize you've been believing that all along. It's like getting caught with your pants down. That's why you gotta live, little one. Yeah stop and smell them roses." - Cristina Garcia
"It's finished. Everything went past, without me." - Jennifer Egan
"Try to be happy in this present moment, and put not off being so to a time to come--as though that time should be of another make from this which has already come and is ours." - Thomas Fuller
"What do you care if people talk? Those who talk cannot harm you. Why should you be worried? You should only think about those things that please you. You have only one life in this world: soon you'll reach your eternal rest." - Christine de Pizan
"Time is my greatest enemy." - Eva Perón
"Another day, another chance." - A.D. Aliwat
"I listened to time clicking like hooves on pavement. But time isn't something you can rein in. It moves on without pause, taking us with it no matter how much we wish it otherwise." - Ron Rash
"How can you take it, when the people that say they are close. That say they care about you lie to you and be deceitful?" - Snow Liber Dionysus
"Perhaps the length of one’s life was not important—except in the way it is to so many living beings, desperate to avoid death. Perhaps, long or short, it mattered how one spent that time." - Ann Leckie
"Don't count on time you don't know you are going to have. Be judicious when deferring tasks." - Javier Merizalde
"Living in the present doesn't mean rebelling against the warnings coming from future. A moment is truly a present moment only if it is in harmony with the past and future." - Shunya
"A day is made up of twenty-four hours. It’s not too few or too many. It just is. People fill the hours however they choose. Work, school, leisure activities, sleep: those kinds of things." - A.D. Aliwat
"And let each day be a loss to us on which we did not dance once!" - Friedrich Neitzsche
"As I have not much time left in life, I am determined not to be a coward. I will live as earnestly as I can and feel my feelings deeply, I will rigorously reflect upon my thoughts and emotions, and try to improve myself as much as I can. I will continue to write and to study, so that when the time of my death comes, I will die beautifully, as a man in the midst of a supreme and noble effort." - Ruth Ozeki
"You tire my weary bones! Stand still and let me have you in my grasp, for Youth I have declared you mine!." - Teninteni
"..the present is always the best time to spread your arms wide and embrace the whole world, all at once, as best you can." - Marianne Fritz
"Lupakan mereka, omong kosong dan cacian tak berirama. Kita memang hidup di tengah masyarakat yang menjilati drama. Tapi kita tahu bahwa melankolis, kontradiksi dan ironi adalah akar yang menancap dalam pencarian kehidupan yang fana. Mengeja jawaban yang dianggap anomi pencipta nostalgia. Bersama destruksi kepastian, melampaui ambiguitas paranoia, yang menyapa trotoar kota Athena. Kita bahkan tidak perlu mengingat nama orang-orang di sana. Kita tidak butuh skenario, tidak juga bertanya. Mungkin benar, kita tidak hidup selamanya. Tapi kita dan saat ini adalah keabadian, seperti Carpe Diem yang menelan abstraksi masa depan, matahari yang memberi tanda bahwa gelap akan segera jatuh, dan angin yang meniup aksara. Bahkan ketika bulan datang, kita bisa memandanginya semalaman, seperti mengajarkan bahwa kegelapan adalah pelengkap cahaya." - Moch Aldy MA
"There can be great joy before the night." - A.D. Aliwat
"She knows when she dies, she will be gone. Nothing. That is why it’s important to live a good life. To get the most out of it." - A.D. Aliwat
"Nadie vive el mismo momento" - Alejandro Mos Riera
"Carpe diem ante capit vos. (Seize the day before it seizes you.)" - John Alejandro King a.k.a. The Covert Comic
"Take everything that's yours with you, don't save any -- it won't be needed later." - Valentin Rasputin
"I am, whatever may come tomorrow, today I am." - Valentin Rasputin
"[42 Up] made me realise that life flies by and you've really go to seize the moment. p198" - Anh Do
"Morning. Sitting in the courtyard, coffee. An old pair of jeans and a messed up damaged old black shirt cigarette in hand words being channeled from someplace somewhere nowhere places unknown without a destination. You're an artist without a canvas. The world is your canvas. Your life is the canvas. You've got to at least create something, say something, do something while you're sorry ass still remains tethered to this planet. Some people call this life, some people call this earth while others just call it purgatory. I suppose in the end that it's all up to you. Make the most of it because it ain't coming back around." - R.M. Engelhardt
"You cannot worry about what came before or what happens next, what has been lost or what you might gain. There is only this moment." - Leigh Bardugo
"Truly do we live on earth?" - Nezahualcóyotl
"It’s not possible to live twenty-four hours a day soaked in the immediate awareness of one’s sex. Gendered self-consciousness has, mercifully, a flickering nature." - Denise Riley
"Time is an illusion. It is a limitation created by our minds. If we stop measuring everything and just enjoy every moment given, life is going to be a lot more exciting." - Tamuna Tsertsvadze
"I live in the moment. Drink from the fresh spring of the present, you shall get to enjoy the true taste of happiness. If you do not expect anything from the future, then whatever winds may blow, they won’t be able to sway you off your path, will they?" - Tamuna Tsertsvadze
"Good old days? Whatever good in them may have been, they’re long past. No use crying over them now when they are but distant memories. I shall tell you the trick – in a person’s mind, all distant memories eventually grow tinted with rays of sunshine, and the toils and hardships the flesh and the soul have undergone get lost and forgotten. Hence you begin believing that those old days were good, and have a hard time dealing with present difficulties… I believe, whatever hardship you may face at present, it is still better than some vague and blurry flashbacks you carry in your mind, for the present can be felt upon the touch, sensed upon the breath, lived through and fought for. Good old days are long gone, and if you ask me, have never been as good as you may now imagine. There is only now, and the bitterer it is, the sweeter it feels to live the moment to its fullest." - Tamuna Tsertsvadze
"If love and friendship makes you unhappy, try solitude." - Michael Bassey Johnson
"Today is all you have. Don't worry about tomorrow. Just do the best you can right now. One day, one moment at a time." - Akiroq Brost
"What does waiting do? None of us are promised a tomorrow. We learned that, didn’t we? We don’t always get a later." - Jennifer L. Armentrout
"Be wise, decant the wine, and since our space is brief, cut back your far-reaching hope. Even while we talk, envious time has fled away: seize the day, put little trust in what is to come." - Horace
"We will pass away. I, Nezahualcoyotl, say, enjoy!" - Nezahualcóyotl
"Some people chase the idea of death so much they forget to do something as simple, yet profound, as live." - Andrew Durst
"You can never get a moment back once it has passed. Are you trading your moments for something worthwhile, for something meaningful?" - Akiroq Brost
"What if you treated each day like it was your last? What would you do differently? What would you be grateful for? What would be important to you? How mindful would you be? What would your interactions with others be like? How meaningful would your day be? How much depth would that add to your experience?" - Akiroq Brost
"Be like Sindbad. Venture forth! Embosom the waves, let your shoes be sucked from your feet and your very trousers enticed by the frothing deep. The ambiguous sea awaits, I told them, marry it!" - Donald Barthelme
"I find that I was the most melancholy when I got to the point in my life where I gave up on my dreams but I never stopped hoping to become them, not knowing that they are conjoined parts of our soul." - Paula Antonia Purpera
"The wolves will get you if the moths won't." - W.H. Auden
"To live like you've had no yesterdays is a triumph that is both sublime and stupid." - Joyce Rachelle
"For it isn't just moments of happiness, which is all I thought we got. It's happiness that spreads." - Maggie Nelson
"What pleasures are you living for?" - Mystqx Skye
"Entonces solo puedes fallarnos si no haces nada." - Neus Figueras
"Solo puedes fracasar si no haces nada." - Neus Figueras
"START somewhen, somewhere or you won't reach anywhere" - Mystqx Skye
"The pleasures and riches of this life are but loaned, their substance is vain, their appearance illusory; and so true is this that I ask thee for an answer to these questions:" - Nezahualcóyotl
"Lì, accatastati, coperti da un cellophane appannato, ci sono i resti dell’estate: un tavolino pieghevole, qualche sedia bianca, vasi di fiori ormai secchi" - Pier Vittorio Tondelli
"Today is Preparation for the Next Opportunity." - PaTrisha-Anne Todd
"Capii che gli avvenimenti della vita sono sempre improvvisi. Ora come un tempo... Anche conoscendoli in anticipo, non riusciamo a prepararci spiritualmente, prima che gli eventi si realizzino. Dopo tutto, non possiamo far altro che rimanere sconvolti e soffrire nel momento in cui li proviamo sulla nostra pelle. E solo allora ci accorgiamo di cosa abbiamo perduto. Ma come altro potremmo vivere? Noi esseri umani non siamo in grado di prepararci spiritualmente a una situazione finché, a un certo punto, non ci capita, e dopo non possiamo fare altro che abituarsi un po' alla volta, impiegando tanto tempo... E' per questo che lo credo davvero, fermamente. Quando pensi di voler incontrare qualcuno, lo devi incontrare. Quando ti piace qualcuno, glielo devi dire. Quando sbocciano i fiori, facciamo festa. Quando ci innamoriamo, lasciamoci travolgere. Quando siamo allegri, condividiamo la nostra gioia. Nei momenti felici, stringiamo forte quella felicità e godiamocela al cento per cento. Probabilmente è tutto quello che noi esseri umani possiamo fare. Perciò, quando incontriamo una persona che ci è cara, mangiamo con lei, viviamo con lei, godiamoci i momenti insieme." - Noriko Morishita
"«Nei giorni di pioggia, ascolta la pioggia. Stai qui con il corpo e con lo spirito. Assapora con tutto il cuore il momento attuale, usando i tuoi cinque sensi, In questo modo capirai. La strada per la libertà è sempre qui e ora»." - Noriko Morishita
"Nei giorni di pioggia, ascolta la pioggia. Nei giorni di neve, guarda la neve. In estate apprezza il caldo, in inverno, il freddo che gela le ossa... Qualsiasi giorno, godilo pienamente per quello che è. Il tè è questo modo di vivere." - Noriko Morishita
"Melk den dag!" - Felix Timmermans
"When life gives you lemons, don't waste your time making lemonade." - Kevin Ansbro
"I think we seldom regret the risks we take as much as the times we did not try at all." - Gail Carriger
"- [...] On ne doit pas douter de la beauté des choses, même sous un ciel tortionnaire. Si tu n'es pas étonné par le chant du coq ou par la lumière au-dessus des crêtes, si tu ne crois pas en la bonté de ton âme, alors tu ne te bats plus, et c'est comme si tu étais déjà mort." - Gaël Faye
"Some things in life are like ice cream:" - Anonymous
"Jenny and I once talked about how we manage to live despite the knowledge that we are all going to die. What's the point of it all? Why bother getting up in the morning when faced with such futility? Or is it the promise of death that inspires life? That we must grab what we can while there's still time? Is it the not knowing if today is the day that keeps us going? But what if this is the day? What if the hour is here? How do you stand? How do you breathe? How do you go on?" - Steven  Rowley
"He who does not value life does not deserve it." - Leonardo da Vinci
"Hunt while you can. The weather may change tomorrow." - Debra Doyle
"I love him, and one day I’ll bury him, and until then, I’m going to be grateful that I’m allowed to watch him talk." - Mira Grant
"Let us eat, drink, and love for tomorrow we die, would be in fact the language of reason, the morality of life; and who but a fool would part with a reality for a fleeting shadow?" - Mary Wollstonecraft
"There are two contradicting universal principles which, when joined together, can help you lead a most satisfactory life: the first is to seize ever opportunity, and the second is to allow the will of the universe to be done through you." - Charbel Tadros
"Awake! arise! the hour is late!" - Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
"What is the date? What is the time? … Great, that’s what Now is. And every second, your ‘Now’ changes. Because all we have is Now. We are continuously living in the Now. Not yesterday, not tomorrow, but Now. Today. The present. And I need you to live in it. To truly appreciate it. To breathe and feel yourself breathing." - S.R. Crawford
"A promise is a direction taken, a self-limitation of choice. As Odo pointed out, if no direction is taken, if one goes nowhere, no change will occur. One's freedom to choose and to change will be unused, exactly as if one were in jail, a jail of one's own building, a maze in which no one way is better than any other." - Ursula K. Le Guin
"Life is scary, but I think it's supposed to be. If you're living it right, that is." - Ruth Cardello
"The straight line will take you only to death." - Jack Kerouac
"Vivir es una tarea urgente" - Vanessa Montfort
"You wake up in the morning, then go for a jog, pump up the dumb-bell, and take a shower! Put on fresh and clean clothes and get out of your apartment fast! The day is yours for the taking! Carpe Diem!" - Avijeet Das
"Qui cherche et ne saisit pas ce qui s'offre ne le reverra jamais plus." - William Shakespeare
"Why bother to go through life if you can't do interesting shit?" - John Sandford
"Porque no vivo ni en mi pasado ni en mi futuro. Tengo sólo el presente, y él es el que me interesa. Si puedes permanecer siempre en el presente, serás un hombre feliz. Percibirás que en el desierto existe vida, que el cielo tiene estrellas, y que los guerreros luchan porque esto forma parte de la raza humana. La vida será una fiesta, un gran festival, porque ella es siempre sólo el momento que estamos viviendo." - Paulo Coelho
"CARPE DIME is a latin phrase that means HASHTAG YOLO" - Steve Roggenbuck
"...we were doing this...this weird circling thing, like we needed to figure out every single line of the script before we could even start the movie. I knew, and he knew, and we didn’t do a damn thing about it... It’s like we thought everything had to be perfect, or it wouldn’t work. Like it was a story." - Mira Grant
"¿Sabes una cosa? Toda mi vida he tenido miedo a ser feliz por si acaso el cosmos me lo compensaba con una buena dosis de desgracia. Así que nunca he lanzado las campanas al vuelo por nada: ni por un sobresaliente, ni por una conquista, ni en un cumpleaños. Nunca me he permitido tener una explosión de felicidad total. Y ahora sé que la fatalidad llega sola. A mí también, que llevaba mucho tiempo contenida en una felicidad tibia: ser una buena mujer, tener tranquila a la familia, hacer todo aquello que se esperaba de mí en la creencia de que eso se mantendría salvo. Hacer lo que tú llamas "lo correcto". Pero el cosmos no te recompensa. Y ahora me pregunto por qué no he sido más espontánea y locamente feliz todas y cada una de las veces que tuve la oportunidad de serlo. Si yo fuera, tú disfrutaría de la alegría encontrar el amor ahora que lo tienes sin limitaciones." - Vanessa Montfort
"Kamand," - Kamand Kojouri
"No dejes para mañana la diversión que puedes tener hoy." - Aldous Huxley
"No treballi tant, senyor secretari, deixi la paperassa i vingui a finestrejar. Guaiti, fixi's en aqueixa noia tan bonica que travessa la plaça. No badi, cregui'm, això dura poc. En un tres i no res, passem d'embrions incerts a calaveres atònites." - Jesús Moncada
"Fear not death; fear not having lived." - Kevin Focke
"Vivo espantado de estar vivo." - Gabriel García Márquez
"Sólo importaba que era verano y que bailábamos sobre un cementerio. Que reclamábamos por primera vez nuestro derecho a no tomarnos la vida tan en serio. Porque cada día estamos más cerca de la muerte, esté donde esté guardando. Puede ser mañana o dentro de diez años... [...] Qué más da. Ahora lo sé. Hay que aprender a bailar sobre un cementerio. A hacer brotar flores sobre los muertos. A aceptar el fracaso porque el fracaso no existe. Sólo existe el fin de las cosas. No nos enseñan a aceptar la caducidad de lo importante. No nos enseñan que a veces el único fracaso es la inercia de hacerlas continuar. Y es que todo caduca, como me dijo Olivia, lo bueno y lo malo. El amor es sufrimiento. Pienso que una vida que termina no es un fracaso. Todo depende de cómo lo hayas vivido. Y si la mía termina de esta noche, tras este viaje, ya sería un éxito. La relación que termina no es un fracaso, depende de lo que nos haya portado, enriquecido, de lo que nos haya dejado tras su muerte. Si ha compensado, es un éxito. Hay que amar. Y amar bien. Intensamente. Aunque se acabe" - Vanessa Montfort
"The various aspects of illusion described so far refer to a single function, a single structure, a single failure. The function is to protect from the real; the structure does not involve refusing to perceive the real but, rather, splitting it in two; the failure lies in recognizing the protective double too late as the very reality from which one thought one had found protection. This is the curse of evasion: by way of a phantasmatic duplication, it sends us back to the undesirable starting point, the real. We can see now why evasion is always a mistake: it is always inoperative, because the real is always right. We may, admittedly, try to protect ourselves from a future event, if that happens to be possible; we shall never protect ourselves from a past or present event or one that is 'certain to come to pass,' as in the oracular symbolics which announces in advance an ineluctable necessity that already has all the characteristics of a present necessity. And the act by which one attempts to slough off that necessity will never be able to 'do any better' than literally reproduce the feared even or, even more exactly, constitute that event. This is what happens to Oedipus, as it happens to everyone at odds with himself - that is to say, to everyone at some point or other of his existence." - Clément Rosset
"It was a very ordinary day, the day I realised that my becoming is my life and my home and that I don't have to do anything but trust the process, trust my story and enjoy the journey. It doesn't really matter who I've become by the finish line, the important things are the changes from this morning to when I fall asleep again, and how they happened, and who they happened with. An hour watching the stars, a coffee in the morning with someone beautiful, intelligent conversations at 5am while sharing the last cigarette. Taking trains to nowhere, walking hand in hand through foreign cities with someone you love. Oceans and poetry." - Charlotte Eriksson
"From all that I saw," - Roman Payne
"Here's the thing. My one piece of advice to you. You have to let yourself be fully present in every moment. Just be awake for it, do you know what I mean? Go all in and wring every last drop out of the experience." - Jenny Han
"See, my aim is not to survive but to be thrown to the wolfs with adrenaline still pumping in my veins and hear the gods laughing saying ”that was one hell of a youth” and everything I do I do in order to push my senses and levels of natural ecstasy. I want to be so awake that I pass out by exhaustion every night with a smile on my face and no thoughts of tomorrow because today was all I ever could make of it and I am sick and tired of boredom. Bored people slumbering boring words about bored habits and I want to get out." - Charlotte Eriksson
"It's a terrible thing, I think, in life to wait until you're ready. I have this feeling now that actually no one is ever ready to do anything. There's almost no such thing as ready. There's only now. And you may as well do it now. I mean, I say that confidently as if I'm about to go bungee jumping or something--I'm not. I'm not a crazed risk taker. But I do think that, generally speaking, now is as good a time as any." - Hugh Laurie
"Death is more universal than life. Everyone dies, but not everyone lives." - Andrew Sachs
"Let's burn our masks at midnight" - John Mark Green
"I've been absolutely terrified every moment of my life - and I've never let it keep me from doing a single thing I wanted to do." - Georgia O'Keeffe
"If you want to have the time of your life, change how you use the time in your life." - Tim Fargo
"Millions of people have lived on the earth, and we don’t know even their names. Accept that simple fact—you are here for only a few days and then you will be gone. These few days are not to be wasted in hypocrisy, in fear. These days have to be rejoiced." - Osho
"It was the happiest moment of my life, though I didn't know it. Had I known, had I cherished this gift, would everything have turned out differently?" - Orhan Pamuk
"Kopar goncaları henüz vakit varken bugün" - N.H. Kleinbaum
"Don't waste today by talking about yesterday until it's finally tomorrow." - Tim Fargo
"It is well-known what an orphan's life is: although he is little and has not yet a man's wisdom, he will follow every trail, try every task." - Alexander Afanasyev
"Some are saving their right now for later, when tomorrow could be never." - Justin K. McFarlane Beau
"Someday the Sun will explode, and what about our journalism and poetry then? Well, so what? To hell with our exploding Sun. We have to do what we can do in the time we can act." - Bruce Sterling
"I believe, my lady, that life is the phantom, and love still more fleeting and elusive - here one minute like a sweet scent you can't quite recognize and gone the next. Best enjoy both while you can." - Dawn Hammill
"Then to this earthen Bowl did I adjourn" - Omar Khayyam
"That is a very Earthling question to ask, Mr. Pilgrim. Why you? Why us for that matter? Why anything? Because this moment simply is. Have you ever seen bugs trapped in amber?’" - Kurt Vonnegut
"Omnes feriunt, ultima necat." - Seneca
"When did your flight plan become a holding pattern, always circling happiness, but never allowed to land? Distracted by in-flight movies, drinks, and snacks, until the fuel runs out. Is this really all there is? Is this what you want out of life?" - John Mark Green
"Jus' live the day. Don' worry yaself." - John Steinbeck
"¿Qué mejor lugar que aquí y qué momento más perfecto que el ahora?" - Lucía Arca Sancho-Arroyo
"I don't pay no mind to rules. Seems to me, rules are things made up by scared people too afraid to die, so they can't live. Or too lazy to make their own decisions. Rules are for breakin', as far as I'm concerned." - Suzanne Palmieri
"Live everyday as if it's your last, boys, and one day in the future when you look back, you'll have lived ten thousand lifetimes." - Steven     Moore
"Good Riddance (Time Of Your Life)"" - Green Day
"I suppose that I have not many months to live: but of course I know nothing about it. I may add that I am enjoying existence as much as ever, and regret nothing." - Thoreau Henry David 1817-1862
"Fatti una bella risata e metti da parte i tuoi piani. Davvero non ne hai bisogno. Ciò che dovrà accadere accadrà e tu hai una scelta: andarci insieme o andarci contro." - Osho
"Then I wondered why on earth would anyone ever stand in the world as if standing in the cornucopic middle of the Hanging Gardens of Babylon but inside a tiny white-painted rectangle about the size of a single space in a car park, refusing to come out of it, and all around her or him the whole world, beautiful, various, waiting?" - Ali Smith
"I was sitting, starring into the sky with a tear in my eye thinking: what a beautiful world that the MAKER has allowed us to enjoy for a moment - not to destroy - to enjoy. So let us remove the strife, seize the moments we are blessed with and love this life." - Bobby F. Kimbrough, Jr.
"The only dream worth having, I told her, is to dream that you will live while you're alive and die only when you're dead." - Arundhati Roy
"Do something instead of killing time. Because time is killing you." - Paulo Coelho
"That's why we seize the moment try to freeze it and own it, squeeze it and hold it." - Eminem
"West Wind #2" - Mary Oliver
"The definition of a professional is one who does a job well even when they don't like it." - Alan Sheinwald
"Do the day and let the day do you." - Stephen King
"Rich or poor it’s nice to have money" - Alan Sheinwald
"Take too much time, and time will take you." - Lisa Kleypas
"TIME: Today Is My Everything" - Richie Norton
"Not to waste the spring" - Roman Payne
"It's All About The Ride" - Nicholas A. Cress
"The unfailing rhythm of the seasons, the ever-turning wheel of life, the four facets of the earth which are lit in turn by the sun, the passing of life--all these filled me once more with a feeling of oppression. Once more there sounded within me, together with the cranes' cry, the terrible warning that there is only one life for all men, that there is no other, and that all that can be enjoyed must be enjoyed here. In eternity no other chance will be given to us." - Nikos Kazantzakis
"Everything is so fleeting and impermanent. It’s enough to drive you bat shit crazy." - Shane Kuhn
"The hour of spring was dark at last," - Roman Payne
"All things that are, are with more spirit chased than enjoy'd." - William Shakespeare
"Think, speak, and act. With age comes self-reproach: I might have done more. Therefore now do!" - Théophile Thoré
"Forget seizing the moment. Seize the opportunity." - Tim Fargo
"When we realize the shortness of life, we begin to see the importance of making every moment count." - Dillon Burroughs
"Let's just enjoy what we have now and worry about tomorrow when tomorrow comes." - James  Hampton
"[What Rushdie took away from reading Gunter Grass's The Tin Drum]: Go for broke. Always try and do too much. Dispense with safety nets. Take a deep breath before you begin talking. Aim for the stars. Keep grinning. Be ruthless. Argue with the world. And never forget that writing is as close as we get to keeping a hold on the thousand and one things--childhood, certainties, cities, doubts, dreams, instants, phrases, parents, loves--that go on slipping like sand, through our fingers." - Salman Rushdie
"Life is too short to follow the speed limit" - Paula Antonia Purpera
"But bid life seize the present?" - Robert Frost
"Just breathe," my mom would say, "Ten tiny breaths... Seize them. Feel them. Love them." - K.A. Tucker
"Remember that your days on this earth are counted and you might as well make the best of those you have left." - Yann Martel
"Nostalgia"" - Sanhita Baruah
"Quiero vivir antes de morir. Es lo único que tiene sentido" - Jenny Downham
"Oh mein Sohn, es wird auch berichtet, dass Luqman (der Weise) seinem Sohn riet: "Oh Sohn, du möchtest doch nicht, dass der Hahn gescheiter ist als du. Er kräht zur Morgendämmerung und du schläfst weiter." - Imam al-Ghazali
"Isaac basically knew just one thing for sure: Many are born, few flourish, all die. If you didn’t die as a sacrifice for God today, you would die of an incomprehensible plague tomorrow, or of undeserved starvation the day after, or of good old-fashioned senseless human slaughter before the next harvest. Life was short in those days and people were grateful for whatever they could get. They didn’t expect wireless video game consoles, fast German cars, dental insurance, anti-depressants, and a pension." - Chris F. Westbury
"What are you willing to have left undone in your life? Don’t let yourself be another example of a life gambled but not lived. Do not waste another day! If not now, when?" - Steve Maraboli
"He rolled the other way and watched the digital display of his alarm ticking seconds off he'd never get back. This is the life we're given. One life. One opportunity to be happy, to make others happy, and I'm letting it slip through my fingers because I'm afraid." - Barbara Elsborg
"All I want, oh dear friend of mine, is for you to go out with" - Lauren Morrill
"Seize the day, take hold of it, and make it whatever you want." - Jessica Sorensen
"People—especially men—don't always know what they want. You try, and if it doesn't work, then you may quit." - Cherise Sinclair
"Looking back on my life, I sigh. The caprice of youth goes with the wind, I’ve no regrets." - Roman Payne
"Leave off asking what tomorrow will bring, and" - Horace
"Funny to think that every day you have ever lived is a yesterday, and you will never live one single tomorrow. But then again, every day is a today when you’re living it." - Mik Everett
"Why always "not yet"?  Do flowers in spring say "not yet"? " - Norman Douglas
"I don’t know when my time on earth will be up; but I DO know that today, I am one day closer. You can bet I’m going to make this day count! Will you?" - Steve Maraboli
"If this was my forever, I didn't want to spend another second of it here." - Sarah Dessen
"Well, it does make you realize that life, even at its longest, is still very short." - Kaira Rouda
"Morrerei por excesso de vida jorrando vivências pelos ares." - Filipe Russo
"... men du ga fra deg dagene dine, én etter én ble de brukt opp, og til slutt var det ingen igjen, bare et tomt høl som sjelen din ble sugd inn i, et eneste stort og svart ingenting. Og så var det ikke mer." - Leif Østli
"The meeting of two personalities is like the contact of two chemical substances: if there is any reaction, both are transformed." - Carl Gustav Jung
"No, this trick won't work... How on earth are you ever going to explain in terms of chemistry and physics so important a biological phenomenon as first love? " - Albert Einstein
"Let me tell you, you either have chemistry or you don't, and you better have it, or it's like kissing some relative. But chemistry, listen to me, you got to be careful. Chemistry is like those perfume ads, the ones that look so interesting and mysterious but you dont even know at first what they're even selling. Or those menues without the prices. Mystery and intrigue are gonna cost you. Great looking might mean something ve-ry expensive, and I don't mean money. What I'm saying is, chemistry is a place to start, not an end point." - Deb Caletti
"I'm even going to electrolyze my urine. That'll make for a pleasant smell in the trailer." - Andy Weir
"A woman or man of value doesn’t love you because of what he or she wants you to be or do for them. He or she loves you because your combined souls understand one another, complements each other, and make sense above any other person in this world. You each share a part of their soul's mirror and see each other’s light reflected in it clearly. You can easily speak from the heart and feel safe doing so. Both of you have been traveling a parallel road your entire life. Without each other's presence, you feel like an old friend or family member was lost. It bothers you, not because you have given it too much meaning, but because God did. This is the type of person you don't have to fight for because you can't get rid of them and your heart doesn't want them to leave anyways." - Shannon L. Alder
"Scientist believe in things, not in person " - marie curie
"I wasn’t aware of just how close he’d moved to me until now. So many details came into focus. The shape of his lips, the line of his neck. “I’m not dangerous,” I breathed." - Richelle Mead
"Together, we form a necessary paradox; not a senseless contradiction." - Criss Jami
"THE MAXIMS OF MEDICINE" - Suzy Kassem
"Mathematics is the cheapest science. Unlike physics or chemistry, it does not require any expensive equipment. All one needs for mathematics is a pencil and paper." - Polya George
"Through its creative power, art may trigger approximation, reconciliation and harmonization between individuals and peoples. Through art, beings can meet and exchange their points of view, as it rules out alienation, and arouses chemistry and understanding. By definition, art is universal and helps to cross borders and barriers without prejudice." - Erik Pevernagie
"Undeniable chemistry and horrific timing. They love each other." - Darnell Lamont Walker
"I get so breathless, when you call my name," - Corinne Bailey Rae
"I woan" - Kresley Cole
"Chicken fizz! O Lord, protect all of us who toil in the vineyards of experimental chemistry!" - Alan Bradley
"When he put the old-fashioned mechanical toy on her palm, she stopped breathing. It was a tiny representation of an atom, complete with colored ball bearings standing in for neutrons, protons, and on the outside, arranged on arcs of fine wire, electrons. Turning the key on the side made the electrons move, what she’d thought were ball bearings actually finely crafted spheres of glass that sparked with color. A brilliant, thoughtful, wonderful gift for a physics major." - Nalini Singh
"Our eyes met and our souls caught on fire." - Nikki rowe
"On the stage Tristen bent over the piano, his fingers swift and sure, his blond hair gleaming under the spotlight. I glanced around at the audience, watching their faces, gratified that they were as captivated as I was by the dark, thunderous song that Tristen conjured." - Beth Fantaskey 
"Sorry for the delay," Vogel said. "I was required to make a bomb." - Andy Weir
"It was the first time! Just because there weren’t fireworks the first time doesn’t mean there will never be fireworks. We’re human; we’re adults; we teach each other; we communicate; fireworks don’t just go off, wham-bang; fireworks evolve!’" - Marisa de los Santos
"Is it possible that the Pentateuch could not have been written by uninspired men? that the assistance of God was necessary to produce these books? Is it possible that" - Robert G. Ingersoll
"I had found by experience that putting things down on paper helped to clear the mind in precisely the same way, as Mrs. Mullet had taught me, that an eggshell clarifies the consommé or the coffee, which, of course, is a simple matter of chemistry. The albumin contained in the eggshell has the property of collecting and binding the rubbish that floats in the dark liquid, which can then be removed and discarded in a single reeking clot: a perfect description of the writing process." - Alan Bradley
"I always hoped for this spark of chemistry and compatibility, a flash of clarity to let me know that this was the guy, this was the time, so I should leg go and enjoy myself. But it never came. And by no small coincidence, neither did I." - Molly Harper
"I realized it was like a dating agency: the ions are the lost souls looking for mates; the electrolyte is the agency that can help them find each other." - Victoria Finlay
"Thus, by science I mean, first of all, a worldview giving primacy to reason and observation and a methodology aimed at acquiring accurate knowledge of the natural and social world. This methodology is characterized, above all else, by the critical spirit: namely, the commitment to the incessant testing of assertions through observations and/or experiments — the more stringent the tests, the better — and to revising or discarding those theories that fail the test. One corollary of the critical spirit is fallibilism: namely, the understanding that all our empirical knowledge is tentative, incomplete and open to revision in the light of new evidence or cogent new arguments (though, of course, the most well-established aspects of scientific knowledge are unlikely to be discarded entirely)." - Alan Sokal
"{" - Joseph-Louis Lagrange
"Those distinct substances, which concretes generally either afford, or are made up of, may, without very much inconvenience, be called the elements or principles of them." - Robert Boyle
"Speaking one day to" - Thomas Jefferson
"The attempt of" - Thomas Jefferson
"You have heard of the new chemical nomenclature endeavored to be introduced by" - Thomas Jefferson
"Everything, decided Francie after that first lecture, was vibrant with life and there was no death in chemistry. She was puzzled as to why learned people didn't adopt chemistry as a religion." - Betty  Smith
"On Titan the molecules that have been raining down like manna from heaven for the last 4 billion years might still be there largely unaltered deep-frozen awaiting the chemists from Earth" - Carl Sagan
"Тарквиний Змейк ворвался в класс, как свежий ветер, и задал вопрос, неожиданный для учителя химии:" - Анна Коростелева
"Змейк умел приближать свой предмет через непосредственное сравнение с учениками и проведение прямых параллелей. «А вы плавитесь при гораздо меньших температурах», — говорил он спокойно, и Афарви с Двинвен, болтавшие на задней парте, вздрагивали, перехватывали пронзительный взгляд черных глаз Змейка и начинали слушать очень внимательно." - Анна Коростелева
"It's the in-between, the sustenance, not just the gears and bolts that make a human. When you forget to find out how the person was built—the oil, chemistry, and the craft—you miss all the beauty." - Piper Payne
"It's weird I don't know anything about you,"" - Harriet Evans
"Since" - Jacques Loeb
"Thus, for those of us who make only a brief study of chemistry, the benefits to be expected are of an indirect nature." - Horace G. Deming
"Змейк беседовал в углу с двумя металлами, недавно пробившимися из глубин Земли и не имеющими понятия о формах жизни на ее поверхности. Со всей вежливостью принимающей стороны он занимал гостей беседой, но трудно было сказать, насколько эта беседа занимала его самого. Собственно, Змейк собирался рассказать анекдот, однако необходимая для понимания анекдота преамбула даже при лаконичности Змейка потребовала не меньше минуты:" - Анна Коростелева
"Will it be possible to solve these problems? It is certain that nobody has thus far observed the transformation of dead into living matter, and for this reason we cannot form a definite plan for the solution of this problem of transformation. But we see that plants and animals during their growth continually transform dead into living matter, and that the chemical processes in living matter do not differ in principle from those in dead matter. There is, therefore, no reason to predict that abiogenesis is impossible, and I believe that it can only help science if the younger investigators realize that experimental abiogenesis is the goal of biology." - Jacques Loeb
"Life is geometry and chemistry, not biology." - Joey Lawsin
"... and finally there came the customer we'd always dreamed of, who wanted us as consultants. To be a consultant is the ideal work, the sort from which you derive prestige and money without dirtying your hands, or breaking your backbone, or running the risk of ending up roasted or poisoned: all you have to do is take off your smock, put on your tie, listen in attentive silence to the problem, and then you'll feel like the Delphic oracle. You must then weigh your reply very carefully and formulate it in convoluted, vague language so that the customer also considers you an oracle, worthy of his faith and the rates set by the Chemists' Society." - Primo Levi
"I know humans have been kissing since the history of time, but right now, in this very moment, it feels like kissing is a secret that only Roman and I know about." - Jasmine Warga
"Sir Humphrey Davy" - Edmund Bentley
"In the last third of his life, there came over Laszlo Jamf [...] a hostility, a strangely personal hatred, for the covalent bond. A conviction that, for synthetics to have a future at all, the bond must be improved on–some students even read "transcended." That something so mutable, so soft, as a sharing of electrons by atoms of carbon should lie at the core of life, his life, struck Jamf as a cosmic humiliation. Sharing? How much stronger, how everlasting was the ionic bond–where electrons are not shared, but captured. Seized! and held! polarized plus and minus, these atoms, no ambiguities . . . how he came to love that clarity: how stable it was, such mineral stubbornness!" - Thomas Pynchon
"And it is a nerve-wracking experience to put your ear against a propellant tank and hear it go "glub" -long pause- "glub" and so on. After such an experience many people, myself (particularly) included, tended to look dubiously at peroxide and to pass it by on the other side." - John D. Clark
"In general, everybody got respectable performances out of peroxide, although there were some difficulties with ignition and with combustion stability, but that freezing point was a tough problem, and most organizations rather lost interest in the oxidizer." - John D. Clark
"Most of the Navy work on peroxide was not directed towards missiles, but towards what was called "super performance" for fighter planes -an auxiliary rocket propulsion unit that could be brought into play to produce a burst of very high speed- so that when a pilot found six Migs breathing down his neck he could hit the panic button and perform the maneuver known as getting the hell out of here." - John D. Clark
"Joe? You know that stuff you sent me to test for thermal stability? Well, first, it hasn't got any. Second, you owe me a new bomb, a new Wianco pickup, a new stirrer, and maybe a few more things I'll think of later. And third (crescendo and fortissimo) you'll have a couple of flunkies up here within fifteen minutes to clean up this (-bleep-) mess or I'll be down there with a rusty hacksaw blade..." I specified the anatomical use to which the saw blade would be put. End of conversation." - John D. Clark
"It now seems that life began, not with a single component like a gene, but with several components that could work together. Life is less about a particular substance, and more about the way a group of substances behave when they are combined." - Michael         Marshall
"Life is an edge phenomenon in the cosmos, something that has snuck in." - Michael         Marshall
"Le differenze possono essere piccole, ma portare a conseguenze radicalmente diverse, come gli aghi degli scambi; il mestiere del chimico consiste in buona parte nel guardarsi da queste differenze, nel conoscerle da vicino, nel prevederne gli effetti. Non solo il mestiere del chimico." - Primo Levi
"when you are around, risk of electrocution is bound. Ice water and streams are entering into my blood and i feel so much astound, these negative ions in my body produce biochemical reaction to reduce stress level, makes me feel no need of bullshit interaction." - Mehak Vijay
"CHEMISTRY has also failed and bewildered us as a people, and continues to baffle and bum me OUT. What is it? At what point have you broken things down enough and now you’re just playing with increasingly SMALL PARTICLES that no one can see or even remember the name of? Everything smaller than “a teaspoon” is really not necessary and only serves to ANGER me and fuel my PLAN." - Bob Odenkirk
"The rejection may be the familiar rejection of your parents. The dynamic of having to please all the time and run around in circles to get them to notice you, or never feeling like you are enough, is familiar and it likely started young. When that familiarity gets turned on in adulthood by a rejecting partner, it is strangely comforting—like a moment of déjà vu—which can make it feel almost magical. That old song of rejection is so familiar that we cannot get it out of our head. It is irrational, and because it is “magical” or chemical, the irrationality gets romanticized. Many people make many big mistakes in the name of chemistry. Enduring ongoing poor treatment in a relationship is the most common." - Ramani Durvasula
"Pop culture and love songs, in particular, can contribute to our belief that love is all about chemistry and insanity. It is when you are enduring careless, neglectful, unkind, and disconnected words and behavior from a partner, and falling back on “chemistry” as the rationale, that you need to take a long hard look at the idea of chemistry as a factor that may be imprisoning you in a one-sided, narcissistic relationship. Sometimes the good guys and gals get their opportunity once a person has already been through the wringer with a narcissist. After a person experiences the scorpion’s sting, the comfort of a kind person can become a soft and loving place to land." - Ramani Durvasula
"You look like a little thundercloud hovering in the middle of a field of sunshine."" - Rin Chupeco
"Heavens, imagine what a lost lamb I would be without a strong young man guiding me," I muttered." - Jessica Cluess 
"There’s a reason for yttrium on this planet. We don’t need much, but we probably need some." - Elaine Ingham
"To W.W. My Star, My Perfect Silence." - Gale Boetticher
"Do you know what we do with liars in Chemistry? We kill them." - Hank Green
"Consensual intercourse of the minds happens when conversation between two like minded individuals, are brought together by mutually exclusive chemistry in conversation that causes mental arousal & orgasmic stimulation which then produces ideas which provoke conscious thoughts." - Niedria Dionne Kenny
"There are moments in our lives when we meet someone and we feel as if we have known them all our lives. It seems astounding really to know that you can understand each other so well. It feels fascinating when you find out that even if you both are meeting for the first time, there is already an amazing chemistry happening between you two! And what is captivating is the depth to which you already know each other; almost like you both know each other inside out. When you both look into each other's eyes, you both already know what is going on in each other's minds. As if words are not required at all to understand the thoughts, feelings, and emotions of the other person. It feels as if you both know each other from centuries ago in time! It feels absolutely exhilarating when you do find this person in your life. And then your life becomes totally awesome and amazing." - Avijeet Das
"So how do you do it? Not make a baby, balance an equation. I did biology last year." - Hank Green
"It is, of course, extremely toxic, but that’s the least of the problem. It is hypergolic with every known fuel, and so rapidly hypergolic that no ignition delay has ever been measured. It is also hypergolic with such things as cloth, wood, and test engineers, not to mention asbestos, sand, and water-with which it reacts explosively. It can be kept in some of the ordinary structural metals-steel, copper, aluminium, etc.-because of the formation of a thin film of insoluble metal fluoride which protects the bulk of the metal, just as the invisible coat of oxide on aluminium keeps it from burning up in the atmosphere. If, however, this coat is melted or scrubbed off, and has no chance to reform, the operator is confronted with the problem of coping with a metal-fluorine fire. For dealing with this situation, I have always recommended a good pair of running shoes." - John Drury Clark
"Is there something to the notion "Let me sleep on it."? Mountains of data says there is. For example, Mendeleyev - the creator of the Periodic Table of Elements - says that he came up with this idea in his sleep. Contemplating the nature of the universe while playing Solitaire one evening, he nodded off. When he awoke, he knew how all the atoms in the universe were organised, and he promptly created his famous table. Interestingly, he organised the atoms in repeating groups of seven, just the way you play Solitaire." - John Medina
"chemistry is the science of making everyone else but us disappear" - bridgett devoue
"As I fall asleep in his arms, I wish I hadn’t resisted him all those weeks. Even though on some level I realize it’s because of exactly this; that I knew how much I could feel for this man. That our chemistry both inside the bedroom and out would be like nothing I’ve ever felt. It both excites me and terrifies me in equal measure. I close my eyes and hope for the best." - Melanie A. Smith
"I dashed to the library at the first opportunity; I refer to the venerable library of the University of Turin's Chemical Institute, at that time, like Mecca, impenetrable to infidels and even hard to" - Primo Levi
"I was hoping to be able to get into the Queen's Chamber while I was in Egypt in 1986 to get a sample of the salt for analysis. I had speculated that the salt on the walls of the chamber was an unwanted, though significant, residual substance caused by a chemical reaction where hot hydrogen reacted with the limestone. Unfortunately, I was unable to get into the chamber because a French team was already inside the Horizontal Passage, boring holes into what they hoped were additional chambers. (It was discovered, after I left Egypt, that the spaces contained only sand.)" - Christopher Dunn
"Understand something. Fall back from the old times and ways of doing things. Chemistry is deeper than the feels." - Jill Telford
"At the age of 48, my body had become a chemistry experiment that I was constantly changing the composition of the chemicals in it to find beneficial reactions." - Steven Magee
"To know the age of the universe, it is very important to know the age of the chemistry" - P.S. Jagadeesh Kumar
"We —I mean to say we mammals — who in general do not have problems about obtaining water, have learned to wedge it into the urea molecule, which is soluble in water, and as urea we free ourselves of it; other animals, for whom water is precious (or it was for their distant progenitors), have made the ingenious invention of packaging their nitrogen in the form of uric acid, which is insoluble in water, and of eliminating it as a solid, with no necessity of having recourse to water as a vehicle. In an analogous fashion one thinks today of eliminating urban garbage by pressing it into blocks, which can be carried to the dumps or buried inexpensively." - Primo Levi
"The first rule of chem lab is to never heat a closed system or it will explode." - Weike Wang
"Let's agree all chemistry is of Nature and some chemistries are healthful." - Roscoe Webster
"We would sit down fifteen, sometimes twenty, to the table on seder nights: my parents; the maiden aunts - Birdie, Len, and before the war, Dora, sometimes Annie; cousins of varying degree, visiting from France or Switzerland; and always a stranger or two would come. There was a beautiful, embroidered tablecloth which Annie had brought us from Jerusalem, gleaming white and gold on the table. My mother, knowing that sooner or later there would be accidents, always had a preemptive "spill" herself - she would manage somehow, very early in the evening, to tip a bottle of red wine onto the tablecloth, and thereafter no guest would be embarrassed if they knocked over a glass. Though I know she did this deliberately, I could never predict how or when the "accident" would occur; it always looked absolutely spontaneous and authentic. (She would immediately spread salt on he wine stain, and it became much paler, almost disappearing; I wondered why salt had this power.)" - Oliver Sacks
"The optimist sees the glass half full. The pessimist sees the glass half empty. The chemist sees the glass completely full, half in liquid state and half gaseous, both of which are probably poisonous." - Weike Wang
"It would not be out of order to remark here that a chemist's work is never done. Those choosing it asa profession ought to know at the outset that most of their lives will be spent washing up." - Alan Bradley
"I saw this thing on ITV the other week" - Mike Skinner
"But Cecilia, having learned modern forms of snobbery at Cambridge, considered a man with a degree in chemistry incomplete as a human being." - Ian McEwan
"Why me? All we do is argue." - David Peace
"cell is not a name for a thing but for a type of organization" - Joseph Woodger
"Should we force science down the throat of those that have no taste for it? Is it our duty to drag them kicking and screaming in the 21st century? I am afraid that it is. (Speech - 1986)" - Gorge Porter
"Lately, everything in my universe has made it hard to forget. I look at this new man sure he is everything I once wanted. But body does not feel the same when it is not my third or fourth hand holding it." - Ezinne Orjiako, Nkem.
"The only science that causes and cures any disease, from the love hormone to the lovely tears is chemistry" - P.S. Jagadeesh Kumar
"Without chemistry, there is no rain, there is no water, and there is no romance as well" - P.S. Jagadeesh Kumar
"One may feel inclined to say that Thomson, the father, was awarded the Nobel Prize for having shown that electron is a particle, and Thomson, the son, for having shown that electron is a wave." - Max Jammer
"The genetic code is universal... there is nothing particularly special about human genes." - Siddhartha Mukherjee (author)
"Geochemists said the 'shocked quartz' was not really shocked at all - not even mildly surprised." - Michael J. Benton
"Some of us have deeper feelings for one over another. It can’t be helped. It’s chemistry. It’s inherent. You can’t make yourself love someone you don’t and you can’t make yourself stop loving someone you do." - Kate McGahan
"I got into magic because I got into alchemy. Which I got into because I was into chemistry, which I was learning about because I wanted to get better with botany, which I had taken up studying in an effort to grow some killer weed" - Drew  Hayes
"I think it just says a lot about our chemistry!" - Phil Lester, Dan Howell
"Sometimes, you can be more than enough for someone, but they choose not to be in your life. Always remember that Satan works hard to keep people miserable by feeding their fears, so they stay in their comfort zone. The truth is some people value what is predictable, more than chemistry." - Shannon L. Alder
"O woman, thou art my imperfection!" - Pawan Mishra
"You must love chemistry even when it is not working. You must love chemistry unconditionally." - Weike Wang
"I think it just says a lot about our chemistry! -Dan" - Phil Lester, Dan Howell
"If love is the engine, intellect is the ignition and chemistry is the spark." - Kate McGahan
". . . and there was for a moment an unbreakable bond between us: the eternal bond of chemistry." - Alan Bradley
"Chemistry, for me, had stopped being such a source. It led to the heart of Matter, and Matter was our ally precisely because the Spirit, dear to Fascism, was our enemy; but, having reached the fourth year of Pure Chemistry, I could no longer ignore the fact that chemistry itself, or at least that which we were being administered, did not answer my questions. To prepare phenyl bromide according to Gatterman was amusing, even exhilarating, but not very different from following Artusi's recipes. Why in that particular way and not in another? After having been force fed in" - Primo Levi
"Okay, so I shouldn't have fucked with her on the introduction thing. Writing nothing except," - Simone Elkeles
"If the elements are the alphabets of chemistry, then the compounds are its plays, its poems, and its novels." - Peter Atkins, Loretta Jones
"Perfume can be good . . . especially if you get one that goes with your chemistry." - Adrian Ivashkov" - Richelle Mead
"In modern society, it is not enough to be an engineer, a doctor, a chemist, a biologist, or a physicist, you must be all of them to understand why human health is failing on such a massive scale." - Steven Magee
"Ever since [that day], a small uncertainty had buzzed between us.It was a sense of chemistry that had been a little elusive, a little imprecise, until now." - Amor Towles
"What is like chemistry?"" - William Golding
"The name explains the structure: carbon, hydrogen, and oxygen bond into a ring-shaped structure called a cresol (also found in creosote), and phosphorus hangs on to the ring like an exhausted swimmer gripping a life preserver." - Deborah Blum
"All that happens in the human brain is but the result of electro-chemical reactions. Be it of love, hate, of pleasure, of suffering, of imagination, or all other states of mind, sentiment or sickness; the process depends in every case on the chemical reactions produced in the interior of the brain, and the resulting electrical impulses or messages, be they visual, auditory, based on memory, or an interpretation of new events based on elements that one has in the memory." - Raël
"Brittany Ellis," Mrs. Peterson says, pointing to the table behind Colin. I unenthusiastically sit on the stool at my assigned place." - Simone Elkeles
"What is chemistry in a relationship, Really? Chemistry can be spontaneous combustion that excites, incites, often harms. But not understood. Chemistry can also be that which is studied, intentional, and knows how to be repeated and improved upon. Do you have the right chemistry?" - Lucille Anderson
"I'll have to jump around like sodium in the rain." - Poul Anderson
"Have you ever wondered, Dogger," I asked, "if wickedness is a chemical state?"" - Alan Bradley
"Sharing certain important core values is one of the key factors that determine the chemistry of a relationship/partnership." - Assegid Habtewold
"It was the colors that had initially attracted her, the vibrant blue of the Bunsen flame and the dusty red of copper and the deep violet of permanganate. It was the logic of balanced equations, the certainty that when element A mixed with element B, compound C would appear. It was like predicting the future; it was like magic. Most of all, it was being: of having to be so careful with the hydrochloric acid, of accidentally burning herself while lighting a match, of discovering." - Amy Zhang
"it is urgent that my chemical alter ego, so in love with digressions, get back on the rails, which is that of fornicating with matter in order to support myself" - Primo Levi
"And I often dream of chemistry at night, dreams that conflate the past and the present, the grid of the periodic table transformed to the grid of Manhattan. […] Sometimes, too, I dream of the indecipherable language of tin (a confused memory, perhaps, of its plaintive “cry”). But my favorite dream is of going to the opera (I am Hafnium), sharing a box at the Met with the other heavy transition metals—my old and valued friends—Tantalum, Rhenium, Osmium, Iridium, Platinum, Gold, and Tungsten." - Oliver Sacks
"You feel that, Harper?" - Kate Meader
"We owe our liberation to chemistry," he went on. "For all perception is but a change in the concentration of hydrogen ions on the surface of the brain cells. Seeing me, you actually experience a disturbance in the sodium-potassium equilibrium across your neuron membranes. So all we have to" - Stanisław Lem
"About 13.5 billion years ago, matter, energy, time and space came into being in what is known as the Big Bang. The story of these fundamental features of our universe is called physics. About 300,000 years after their appearance, matter and energy started to coalesce into complex structures, called atoms, which then combined into molecules. The story of atoms, molecules and their interactions is called chemistry. About 3.8. billion years ago, on a planet called Earth, certain molecules combined to form particularly large and intricate structures called organisms. The story of organisms is called biology. About 70,000 years ago, organisms belonging to the species Homo sapiens started to form even more elaborate structures called cultures. The subsequent development of these human cultures is called history." - Yuval Noah Harari
"I have learned over the years that many formally educated corrosion professionals are either engineers or chemists by training. While those two groups represent the largest two categories of backgrounds in the oilfield corrosion control industry, they are in the minority." - Robert Heidersbach
"This isn't just chemistry. It's the whole periodic table." ~Cain" - Kelly Moran
"Maybe fire and kerosene don't go together for a reason." - Dannika Dark
"Before you treat a man with a condition, know that not all cures can heal all people. For the chemistry that works on one patient may not work for the next, because even medicine has its own conditions." - Suzy Kassem
"chemistry" - Nayyirah Waheed
"You know, rust is just oxidation. The same chemical process as fire. Oxygen interacts with steel, electrons drift from one element to the other. So really, rust is a slow fire. Isn't that weird? Water causes something to burn." - Leah Raeder
"Life is a chemical reaction, it only requires balancing!" - priyavrat gupta
"You are so beautiful,” he whispered, kissing her softly on the lips. “I can’t believe I got to have you." - Kassandra Cross
"Chemistry has energy and it's meant to be felt." - Stacy Snapp-Killian aka StacyK
"That the nobility of Man, acquired in a hundred centuries of trial and error, lay in making himself the conquerer of matter, and that I had enrolled in chemistry because I wanted to maintain faithful to that nobility. That conquering matter is to understand it, and understanding matter is necessary to understanding the universe and ourselves: and that therefore Mendeleev’s Periodic Table, which just during those weeks we were laboriously learning to unravel, was poetry, loftier and more solemn than all the poetry we had swallowed doen in liceo; and come to think of it, it even rhymed! …" - Primo Levi
"The human mind adjusts itself to a certain point of view, and those who have regarded nature from one angle, during a portion of their life, can adopt new ideas only with difficulty." - Antoine Lavoisier
"I know of enough cases in which a close and, as it seemed, indissoluble relationship was annulled by the casual arrival of a third party, and one of the pair, previously joined so beautifully, driven out into empty space." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"Attraction isn't wrong. People can’t help who they are drawn to and they certainly can’t control affinity, as uncommon as it is. What is wrong is acting on inclination if it hurts someone else, namely a significant other." - Donna Lynn Hope
"Dr. Morris soon recognized that the difference between successful and unsuccessful marriages can often be traced to how well couples are able to "bond" during the courtship period. By bonding he referred to the process by which a man and woman become cemented together emotionally. It describes the chemistry that permits two previous strangers to become intensely valuable to one another. It helps them weather the storms of life and remain committed in sickness and health, for richer or poorer, for better or worse, forsaking all others until they are parted in death. It is a phenomenal experience that almost defies description." - James Dobson
"Time is a strange phenomenon that understands the physics of our world, but never the chemistry of it" - Vishwanath S J
"People used to recognize it as mood." - Toba Beta
"One of my friends compared me to Bruce Banner, due to my work with radiation and human health. So I looked up Bruce Banner and this is what I found: Banner, a physicist, is sarcastic and seemingly very self-assured when he first appears in Incredible Hulk #1, but is also emotionally withdrawn in most fashions...Banner is considered one of the greatest scientific minds on Earth, possessing "a mind so brilliant it cannot be measured on any known intelligence test." He holds expertise in biology, chemistry, engineering, physiology, and nuclear physics." - Steven Magee
"Patience is the blue vitriol to control the fungal emotions of life" - Munia Khan
"My mother showed me that when tin or zinc was bent it uttered a special ‘cry’. ‘It’s due to deformation of the crystal structure,’ she said, forgetting that I was five, and could not understand her - and yet her words fascinated me, made me want to know more." - Oliver Sacks
"What is fear but the worry of physical harm coming to the body? The notion that you will lose something-a person, a thing, your memories, yourself. Does he experience that? Do any of them experience that when they can just be put back together again?" - Jadah McCoy
"There was someone, a very long time ago, yes. We couldn’t make it work for reasons I won’t get into, but I felt like I couldn’t breathe without him. I would have done anything to be with him; he changed me. Once you feel like that for someone, everything else pales in comparison." - J.A. Rouen
"Science began with a gadget and a trick. The gadget was the wheel; the trick was fire. We have come a long way from the two-wheel cart to the round-the-world transport plane, or from the sparking flint to man-made nuclear fission. Yet I wonder whether the inhabitants of Hiroshima were more aware of the evolution of science than ancient man facing an on-storming battle chariot." - Dagobert D. Runes
"I call supplementing with electrolytes and metals: The Electrical Chemistry of the Human" - Steven Magee
"This is one experiment guaranteed to produce unexpected fireballs from time to time. Expect them." - Theodore Gray
"Came the day of the first trial. The propellants were hydrazine and WFNA. We were all gathered around waiting for the balloon to go up, when Dr. Milton Scheer(Uncle Milty) warned," - John Drury Clark
"A union of literary and scientific cultures – there was not the dissociation of sensibility that was so soon to come ... Davy himself was writing (and sometimes publishing) a good deal of poetry at the time; his notebooks mix details of chemical experiments, poems, and philosophical reflections all together; and these did not seem to exist in separate compartments in his mind." - Oliver Sacks
"[photography]... wanted to understand, to master for myself, all the processes involved, and to manipulate them in my own way." - Oliver Sacks
"You were sizzling, like sausages in a frying pan." - Kristina Adams
"Today chemists can artificially make hundreds of thousands of organic compounds, most of which are not duplicated in nature." - George W. Stocking
"What do you call it when you end up right where you’re supposed to be?" - Renee Ericson
"If you go very deeper you will see that you are not in freedom you are in cage made by chemistry and science." - Deyth Banger
"Lingering, bottled-up anger never reveals the 'true colors' of an individual. It, on the contrary, becomes all mixed up, rotten, confused, forms a highly combustible, chemical compound then explodes as something foreign, something very different than one's natural self." - Criss Jami
"I would have written you, myself, if I could put down in words everything I want to say to you. A sea of ink would not be enough." - Erin Morgenstern
"So what if we have chemistry. Chemistry doesn't miraculously turn bad boys into good ones." - Simone Elkeles
"When the chemistry is right, all the experiments work." - Gregory Benford
"His attention felt more like an irrepressible gravitational pull than mere interest." - Blakely Bennett
"Let us learn to dream, gentlemen, then perhaps we shall find the truth" - August Kekulé
"If you want to become a chemist, you will have to ruin your health. If you don't ruin your health studying, you won't accomplish anything these days in chemistry." - Justus von Liebig
"Chemistry wasn't something you could just create anyway; it was either there or it wasn't." - Jennifer E. Smith
"As the physicist Paul Davies puts it, 'If everything needs everything else, how did the communities of molecules ever arise in the first place?' It is rather as if all the ingredients in your kitchen somehow got together and baked themselves into a cake - but a cake that could moreover divide when necessary to produce more cakes. It is little wonder that we call it the miracle of life. It is also little wonder that we have barely begun to understand it." - Bill Bryson
"Upon the whole, Chymistry is as yet but an opening science, closely connected with the useful and ornamental arts, and worthy the attention of the liberal mind. And it must always become more and more so: for though it is only of late, that it has been looked upon in that light, the great progress already made in Chymical knowledge, gives us a pleasant prospect of rich additions to it. The Science is now studied on solid and rational grounds. While our knowledge is imperfect, it is apt to run into error: but Experiment is the thread that will lead us out of the labyrinth." - Joseph Black
"The Kiss. It seemed like more than a kiss. It felt more like alchemy." - Blakely Bennett
"But who could resist the erotic lives of atoms and molecules - the violent passion of electrostatic attractions, the comfortable mutuality of covalent bonds, the gentle air kisses of van der Waals forces? The rules governing the couplings and uncouplings of tiny particles seemed to me as fascinating as the kinship rules of what we still called "primitive" societies - with the revulsion of like-charged particles, for example, functioning as a kind of incest taboo." - Barbara Ehrenreich
"" - Hermann Kolbe
"[Professor]" - Henry Edward Armstrong
"Some subjects mixed well with weed, but Chemistry wasn’t one of them." - Tom Perrotta
"A Dr" - Hermann Kolbe
"Not one of them [formulae] can be shown to have any existence, so that the formula of one of the simplest of organic bodies is confused by the introduction of unexplained symbols for imaginary differences in the mode of combination of its elements... It would be just as reasonable to describe an oak tree as composed of blocks and chips and shavings to which it may be reduced by the hatchet, as by Dr" - Alexander William Williamson
"There is in the chemist a form of thought by which all ideas become visible in the mind as strains of an imagined piece of music. This form of thought is developed in" - Justus von Liebig
"The cell, this elementary keystone of living nature, is far from being a peculiar chemical giant molecule or even a living protein and as such is not likely to fall prey to the field of an advanced chemistry. The cell is itself an organism, constituted of many small units of life." - Oscar Hertwig
"Any chemist reading this book can see, in some detail, how I have spent most of my mature life. They can become familiar with the quality of my mind and imagination. They can make judgements about my research abilities. They can tell how well I have documented my claims of experimental results. Any scientist can redo my experiments to see if they still work—and this has happened! I know of no other field in which contributions to world culture are so clearly on exhibit, so cumulative, and so subject to verification." - Donald J. Cram
"Few scientists acquainted with the chemistry of biological systems at the molecular level can avoid being inspired. Evolution has produced chemical compounds exquisitely organized to accomplish the most complicated and delicate of tasks. Many organic chemists viewing crystal structures of enzyme systems or nucleic acids and knowing the marvels of specificity of the immune systems must dream of designing and synthesizing simpler organic compounds that imitate working features of these naturally occurring compounds." - Donald J. Cram
"Asking intelligent questions of nature is essentially what experiment is about." - principles of modern chemistry
"The chemists who uphold dualism are far from being agreed among themselves; nevertheless, all of them in maintaining their opinion, rely upon the phenomena of chemical reactions. For a long time the uncertainty of this method has been pointed out: it has been shown repeatedly, that the atoms put into movement during a reaction take at that time a new arrangement, and that it is impossible to deduce the old arrangement from the new one. It is as if, in the middle of a game of chess, after the disarrangement of all the pieces, one of the players should wish, from the inspection of the new place occupied by each piece, to determine that which it originally occupied." - Auguste Laurent
"Finally, to the theme of the respiratory chain, it is especially noteworthy that David Kellin's chemically simple view of the respiratory chain appears now to have been right all along–and he deserves great credit for having been so reluctant to become involved when the energy-rich chemical intermediates began to be so fashionable. This reminds me of the aphorism: '" - Peter D. Mitchell
"As there are six kinds of metals, so I have also shown with reliable experiments... that there are also six kinds of half-metals: a new half-metal, namely Cobalt regulus in addition to Mercury, Bismuth, Zinc, and the reguluses of Antimony and Arsenic." - Georg Brandt
"I notice that, in the lecture … which Prof. Lowry gave recently, in Paris … he brought forward certain freak formulae for tartaric acid, in which hydrogen figures as bigamist … I may say, he but follows the loose example set by certain Uesanians, especially one" - Henry Edward Armstrong
"You are who you are because others say that's who you are. You can try to change who you are but it will only change the views of others who think you are what you really aren't." - Annonymous
"Japanese universities have a chair system that is a fixed hierarchy. This has its merits when trying to work as a laboratory on one theme. But if you want to do original work you must start young, and young people are limited by the chair system. Even if students cannot become assistant professors at an early age they should be encouraged to do original work." - Kenichi Fukui
"No matter how great the initial chemistry is, if your values are on two different pages, the odds of your marriage working decrease significantly." - Chana Levitan
"Mapenzi, kama ilivyo kwa vitu vyote hapa ulimwenguni, hayawezi kuwepo bila kujumuishwa na fizikia na kemia yake! Bila kemia hakuna mapenzi ya kudumu. Tamaa ya ngono kimsingi huanza pindi unapokutana na mtu. Tamaa hiyo huweza kukua na kuwa kitu kingine kadiri muda unavyokwenda lakini chanzo kinakuwepo toka siku ya kwanza mlipokutana. Kemikali inayosababisha tamaa ya ngono na hata kuikuza tamaa hiyo ni 'phenyl ethylamine' ('fino itholamine') au PEA ambayo ni kemikali ya mapenzi ndani ya ubongo. Husisimua watu na huongeza nguvu za kimwili (fizikia) na kihisia (kemia). Tamaa husababisha mtu azalishe PEA nyingi zaidi, kitu kinachosababisha kujisikia kizunguzungu (cha hisia za kimapenzi) na dalili zingine kama magoti kutetemeka, jasho kutoka viganjani na kutokutulia. Kemikali hii inapozalishwa kwa kiwango kikubwa, hutuma alamu ('signals') kutoka kwenye ubongo mpaka kwenye viungo vingine vya mwili na kutumika kama 'dopamine' au 'amphetamine' ambazo ni kemikali za ulevi ndani ya ubongo. Iwapo unajiuliza kwa nini wewe au mtu mwingine unavutiwa na mtu ambaye hamwendani kimapenzi, inaweza kuwa ni kwa sababu una kiwango kikubwa cha kemikali hizo kuliko mwenzako, kitu ambacho huzidi uwezo wa kutumia kichwa na kutoa maamuzi bora kulingana na akili ya kuzaliwa." - Enock Maregesi
"What does despair mean to someone who interprets that emotion as a chemical reaction in the brain?" - Mitchell Heisman
"Chemistry is great, but eventually your relationship moves out of the laboratory." - Tim Fargo
"I hope that in due time the chemists will justify their proceedings by some large generalisations deduced from the infinity of results which they have collected. For me I am left hopelessly behind and I will acknowledge to you that through my bad memory organic chemistry is to me a sealed book. Some of those here," - Michael Faraday
"We need science education to produce scientists, but we need it equally to create literacy in the public. Man has a fundamental urge to comprehend the world about him, and science gives today the only world picture which we can consider as valid. It gives an understanding of the inside of the atom and of the whole universe, or the peculiar properties of the chemical substances and of the manner in which genes duplicate in biology. An educated layman can, of course, not contribute to science, but can enjoy and participate in many scientific discoveries which as constantly made. Such participation was quite common in the 19th century, but has unhappily declined. Literacy in science will enrich a person's life." - Hans A. Bethe
"{Recalling Professor" - James F. Norris
"I was led to the conclusion that at the most extreme dilutions all salts would consist of simple conducting molecules. But the conducting molecules are, according to the hypothesis of" - Svante Arrhenius
"" - J.D. Bernal
"" - J.D. Bernal
"" - Lise Meitner
"[The] structural theory is of extreme simplicity. It assumes that the molecule is held together by links between one atom and the next: that every kind of atom can form a definite small number of such links: that these can be single, double or triple: that the groups may take up any position possible by rotation round the line of a single but not round that of a double link: finally that with all the elements of the first short period [of the periodic table], and with many others as well, the angles between the valencies are approximately those formed by joining the centre of a regular tetrahedron to its angular points. No assumption whatever is made as to the mechanism of the linkage. Through the whole development of organic chemistry this theory has always proved capable of providing a different structure for every different compound that can be isolated. Among the hundreds of thousands of known substances, there are never more isomeric forms than the theory permits." - Nevil Vincent Sidgwick
"An egg is a chemical process, but it is not a mere chemical process. It is one that is going places—even when, in our world of chance and contingency, it ends up in an omelet and not in a chicken. Though it surely be a chemical process, we cannot understand it adequately without knowing the kind of chicken it has the power to become." - John Randall
"The dogma of the impossibility of determining the atomic constitution of substances, which until recently was advocated with such fervor by the most able chemists, is beginning to be abandoned and forgotten; and one can predict that the day is not far in the future when a sufficient collection of facts will permit determination of the internal architecture of molecules. A series of experiments directed toward such a goal is the object of this paper." - Wilhelm Korner
"In chemistry, our theories are crutches; to show that they are valid, they must be used to walk... A theory established with the help of twenty facts must explain thirty, and lead to the discovery of ten more." - Jean-Baptiste Dumas
"In deriving a body from the water type I intend to express that to this body, considered as an oxide, there corresponds a chloride, a bromide, a sulphide, a nitride, etc., susceptible of double compositions, or resulting from double decompositions, analogous to those presented by hydrochloric acid, hydrobromic acid, sulphuretted hydrogen, ammonia etc., or which give rise to the same compounds. The type is thus the unit of comparison for all the bodies which, like it, are susceptible of similar changes or result from similar changes." - Charles Gerhardt
"If the results of the present study on the chemical nature of the transforming principle are confirmed, then nucleic acids must be regarded as possessing biological specificity the chemical basis of which is as yet undetermined." - Oswald Theodore Avery
"" - Ira Remsen
"In using the present in order to reveal the past, we assume that the forces in the world are essentially the same through all time; for these forces are based on the very nature of matter, and could not have changed. The ocean has always had its waves, and those waves have always acted in the same manner. Running water on the land has ever had the same power of wear and transportation and mathematical value to its force. The laws of chemistry, heat, electricity, and mechanics have been the same through time. The plan of living structures has been fundamentally one, for the whole series belongs to one system, as much almost as the parts of an animal to the one body; and the relations of life to light and heat, and to the atmosphere, have ever been the same as now." - James Dwight Dana
"" - Gordon Stein
"Will fluorine ever have practical applications?" - Henri Moissan
"We are at the dawn of a new era, the era of 'molecular biology' as I like to call it, and there is an urgency about the need for more intensive application of physics and chemistry, and specially of structure analysis, that is still not sufficiently appreciated." - William Astbury
"Dissection ... teaches us that the body of man is made up of certain kinds of material, so differing from each other in optical and other physical characters and so built up together as to give the body certain structural features. Chemical examination further teaches us that these kinds of material are composed of various chemical substances, a large number of which have this characteristic that they possess a considerable amount of potential energy capable of being set free, rendered actual, by oxidation or some other chemical change. Thus the body as a whole may, from a chemical point of view, be considered as a mass of various chemical substances, representing altogether a considerable capital of potential energy." - Michael  Foster
"My dear nephew was only in his sixth year when I came to be detached from the family circle. But this did not hinder" - Caroline Lucretia Herschel
"This irrelevance of molecular arrangements for macroscopic results has given rise to the tendency to confine physics and chemistry to the study of homogeneous systems as well as homogeneous classes. In statistical mechanics a great deal of labor is in fact spent on showing that homogeneous systems and homogeneous classes are closely related and to a considerable extent interchangeable concepts of theoretical analysis (" - Walter M. Elsasser
"I have attempted to give you a glimpse... of what there may be of soul in chemistry. But it may have been in vain. Perchance the chemist is already damned and the guardian of the pearly gates had decreed that of all the black arts, chemistry is the blackest. But if the chemist has lost his soul, he will not have lost his courage and as he descends into the inferno, sees the rows of glowing furnaces and sniffs the homey fumes of brimstone, he will call out:" - G.N.Lewis
"Her skin hummed with anticipation of Jaxon’s touch. She squeezed her thighs as her womb clenched. This could all go brilliantly or it could all go to hell." - Senayda Pierre
"But when it has been shown by the researches of" - Joseph Lister
"" - Thomas Clifford Allbutt
"If these" - Hermann J. Muller
"People have wracked their brains for an explanation of benzene and how the celebrated man," - August Wilhelm Von Hofmann
"Planck...and Bohr...have invented systems containing electrons of which the motion produces no effect upon external charges...[N]ot only [is this] inconsistent with the accepted laws of electromagnetism, but I may add, is logically objectionable, for that state of motion which produces no physical effect whatsoever may better be called a state of rest." - G.N.Lewis
"Who would not have been laughed at if he had said in 1800 that metals could be extracted from their ores by electricity or that portraits could be drawn by chemistry." - Michael Faraday
"Chemistry is the dirty part of physics." - Johann Philipp Reis
"The chemists are a strange class of mortals, impelled by an almost insane impulse to seek their pleasures amid smoke and vapour, soot and flame, poisons and poverty; yet among all these evils I seem to live so sweetly that may I die if I were to change places with the Persian king." - Johann Joachim Becher
"The fundamental laws of the universe which correspond to the two fundamental theorems of the mechanical theory of heat." - Rudolf Julius E. Clausius
"The capital ... shall form a fund, the interest of which shall be distributed annually as prizes to those persons who shall have rendered humanity the best services during the past year. ... One-fifth to the person having made the most important discovery or invention in the science of physics, one-fifth to the person who has made the most eminent discovery or improvement in chemistry, one-fifth to the one having made the most important discovery with regard to physiology or medicine, one-fifth to the person who has produced the most distinguished idealistic work of literature, and one-fifth to the person who has worked the most or best for advancing the fraternization of all nations and for abolishing or diminishing the standing armies as well as for the forming or propagation of committees of peace." - Alfred Bernhard Nobel
"It has been demonstrated that a species of penicillium produces in culture a very powerful antibacterial substance which affects different bacteria in different degrees. Generally speaking it may be said that the least sensitive bacteria are the Gram-negative bacilli, and the most susceptible are the pyogenic cocci ... In addition to its possible use in the treatment of bacterial infections penicillin is certainly useful... for its power of inhibiting unwanted microbes in bacterial cultures so that penicillin insensitive bacteria can readily be isolated." - Alexander Fleming
"During this time (at high school) I discovered the Public Library... It was here that I found a source of knowledge and the means to acquire it by reading, a habit of learning which I still follow to this day. I also became interested in chemistry and gradually accumulated enough test tubes and other glassware to do chemical experiments, using small quantities of chemicals purchased from a pharmacy supply house. I soon graduated to biochemistry and tried to discover what gave flowers their distinctive colours. I made the (to me) astounding discovery that the pigments I extracted changed their colours when I changed the pH of the solution." - Sydney Brenner
"" - Justus Liebig
"I might paraphrase Churchill and say: never have I received so much for so little." - Luis Federico Leloir
"I looked for it [heavy hydrogen, deuterium] because I thought it should exist. I didn't know it would have industrial applications or be the basic for the most powerful weapon ever known [the nuclear bomb] ... I thought maybe my discovery might have the practical value of, say, neon in neon signs." - Harold Urey
"For the first time I saw a medley of haphazard facts fall into line and order. All the jumbles and recipes and hotchpotch of the inorganic chemistry of my boyhood seemed to fit into the scheme before my eyes—as though one were standing beside a jungle and it suddenly transformed itself into a Dutch garden." - C.P. Snow
"It cannot, of course, be stated with absolute certainty that no elements can combine with argon; but it appears at least improbable that any compounds will be formed." - William Ramsay
"Almost all the world is natural chemicals, so it really makes you re-think everything. A cup of coffee is filled with chemicals. They've identified a thousand chemicals in a cup of coffee. But we only found 22 that have been tested in animal cancer tests out of this thousand. And of those, 17 are carcinogens. There are ten milligrams of known carcinogens in a cup of coffee and thats more carcinogens than you're likely to get from pesticide residues for a year!" - Bruce Ames
"" - Robert Boyle
"The discovery of an interaction among the four hemes made it obvious that they must be touching, but in science what is obvious is not necessarily true. When the structure of hemoglobin was finally solved, the hemes were found to lie in isolated pockets on the surface of the subunits. Without contact between them how could one of them sense whether the others had combined with oxygen? And how could as heterogeneous a collection of chemical agents as protons, chloride ions, carbon dioxide, and diphosphoglycerate influence the oxygen equilibrium curve in a similar way? It did not seem plausible that any of them could bind directly to the hemes or that all of them could bind at any other common site, although there again it turned out we were wrong. To add to the mystery, none of these agents affected the oxygen equilibrium of myoglobin or of isolated subunits of hemoglobin. We now know that all the cooperative effects disappear if the hemoglobin molecule is merely split in half, but this vital clue was missed. Like Agatha Christie, Nature kept it to the last to make the story more exciting. There are two ways out of an impasse in science: to experiment or to think. By temperament, perhaps, I experimented, whereas Jacques Monod thought." - Max F. Perutz
"It is my intent to beget a good understanding between the chymists and the mechanical philosophers who have hitherto been too little acquainted with one another's learning." - Robert Boyle
"Mr" - Joseph Banks
"I took a glass retort, capable of containing eight ounces of water, and distilled fuming spirit of nitre according to the usual method. In the beginning the acid passed over red, then it became colourless, and lastly again all red: no sooner did this happen, then I took away the receiver; and tied to the mouth of the retort a bladder emptied of air, which I had moistened in its inside with milk of lime lac calcis, (i.e. lime-water, containing more quicklime than water can dissolve) to prevent its being corroded by the acid. Then I continued the distillation, and the bladder gradually expanded. Here-upon I left every thing to cool, tied up the bladder, and took it off from the mouth of the retort.— I filled a ten-ounce glass with this air and put a small burning candle into it; when immediately the candle burnt with a large flame, of so vivid a light that it dazzled the eyes. I mixed one part of this air with three parts of air, wherein fire would not burn; and this mixture afforded air, in every respect familiar to the common sort. Since this air is absolutely necessary for the generation of fire, and makes about one-third of our common air, I shall henceforth, for shortness sake call it empyreal air, [literally fire-air] the air which is unserviceable for the fiery phenomenon, and which makes abut two-thirds of common air, I shall for the future call foul air [literally corrupted air]." - Carl Wilhelm Scheele
"In the progressive growth of astronomy, physics or mechanical science was developed, and when this had been, to a certain degree, successfully cultivated, it gave birth to the science of chemistry." - Justus Freiherr Von Liebig
"Only about seventy years ago was chemistry, like a grain of seed from a ripe fruit, separated from the other physical sciences. With" - Justus Liebig
"[Henry Cavendish] fixed the weight of the earth; he established the proportions of the constituents of the air; he occupied himself with the quantitative study of the laws of heat; and lastly, he demonstrated the nature of water and determined its volumetric composition. Earth, air, fire, and water—each and all came within the range of his observations." - Thomas Edward Thorpe
"In one department of his [Joseph Black's] lecture he exceeded any I have ever known, the neatness and unvarying success with which all the manipulations of his experiments were performed. His correct eye and steady hand contributed to the one; his admirable precautions, foreseeing and providing for every emergency, secured the other. I have seen him pour boiling water or boiling acid from a vessel that had no spout into a tube, holding it at such a distance as made the stream's diameter small, and so vertical that not a drop was spilt. While he poured he would mention this adaptation of the height to the diameter as a necessary condition of success. I have seen him mix two substances in a receiver into which a gas, as chlorine, had been introduced, the effect of the combustion being perhaps to produce a compound inflammable in its nascent state, and the mixture being effected by drawing some string or wire working through the receiver's sides in an air-tight socket. The long table on which the different processes had been carried on was as clean at the end of the lecture as it had been before the apparatus was planted upon it. Not a drop of liquid, not a grain of dust remained." - Henry Peter Brougham
"We may regard the cell quite apart from its familiar morphological aspects, and contemplate its constitution from the purely chemical standpoint. We are obliged to adopt the view, that the protoplasm is equipped with certain atomic groups, whose function especially consists in fixing to themselves food-stuffs, of importance to the cell-life. Adopting the nomenclature of organic chemistry, these groups may be designated side-chains. We may assume that the protoplasm consists of a special executive centre (Leistungs-centrum) in connection with which are nutritive side-chains... The relationship of the corresponding groups, i.e., those of the food-stuff, and those of the cell, must be specific. They must be adapted to one another, as, e.g., male and female screw (" - Paul Ehrlich
"" - Martin Heinrich Klaproth
"One is almost tempted to say... at last I can almost see a bond. But that will never be, for a bond does not really exist at all: it is a most convenient fiction which, as we have seen, is convenient both to experimental and theoretical chemists." - Charles Coulson
"On the terrace of the Pepiniere, the 150 pupils of the Institut Chemique talk chemistry as they leave the auditoria and the laboratory. The echoes of the magnificent public garden of the city of Nancy make the words reverberate; coupling, condensation, grignardization. Moreover, their clothes stay impregnated with strong and characteristic odours; we follow the initiates of Hermes by their scent. In such an environment, how is it possible not to be productive?" - Victor Grignard
"It were indeed to be wish'd that our art had been less ingenious, in contriving means destructive to mankind; we mean those instruments of war, which were unknown to the ancients, and have made such havoc among the moderns. But as men have always been bent on seeking each other's destruction by continual wars; and as force, when brought against us, can only be repelled by force; the chief support of war, must, after money, be now sought in chemistry." - Hermann Boerhaave
"I saw [Linus Pauling] as a brilliant lecturer and a man with a fantastic memory, and a great, great showman. I think he was the century’s greatest chemist. No doubt about it." - Max F. Perutz
"In describing a protein it is now common to distinguish the primary, secondary and tertiary structures. The primary structure is simply the order, or sequence, of the amino-acid residues along the polypeptide chains. This was first determined by [Frederick] Sanger using chemical techniques for the protein insulin, and has since been elucidated for a number of peptides and, in part, for one or two other small proteins. The secondary structure is the type of folding, coiling or puckering adopted by the polypeptide chain: the a-helix structure and the pleated sheet are examples. Secondary structure has been assigned in broad outline to a number of librous proteins such as silk, keratin and collagen; but we are ignorant of the nature of the secondary structure of any globular protein. True, there is suggestive evidence, though as yet no proof, that a-helices occur in globular proteins, to an extent which is difficult to gauge quantitatively in any particular case. The tertiary structure is the way in which the folded or coiled polypeptide chains are disposed to form the protein molecule as a three-dimensional object, in space. The chemical and physical properties of a protein cannot be fully interpreted until all three levels of structure are understood, for these properties depend on the spatial relationships between the amino-acids, and these in turn depend on the tertiary and secondary structures as much as on the primary. Only X-ray diffraction methods seem capable, even in principle, of unravelling the tertiary and secondary structures." - John Kendrew
"" - Antoine-François De Fourcroy
"He was male and ripped in all the places I was soft." - Jennifer L. Armentrout
"We must trust to nothing but facts: These are presented to us by Nature, and cannot deceive. We ought, in every instance, to submit our reasoning to the test of experiment, and never to search for truth but by the natural road of experiment and observation." - Antoine Lavoisier
"Everything feels right with her. I can’t explain it. The world just stops. Everything freezes. It’s me. It’s her. It’s just us. Everything else, every molecule, including the oxygen we breathe, is only secondary to the chemistry we create. When we watch a movie it’s more than images strung together in the form of mindless entertainment. It’s an experience. An experience we share together from making the popcorn to watching the film to talking about it for days after. Chemistry. What more can I say? You either have it or you don’t." - Marilyn Grey
"In the natural sciences, and particularly in chemistry, generalities must come after the detailed knowledge of each fact and not before it." - Joseph-Louis Gay-Lussac
"Once a molecule is asymmetric, its extension proceeds also in an asymmetrical sense. This concept completely eliminates the difference between natural and artificial synthesis. The advance of science has removed the last chemical hiding place for the once so highly esteemed vis vitalis." - Emil Fischer
"About eight days ago I discovered that sulfur in burning, far from losing weight, on the contrary, gains it; it is the same with phosphorus; this increase of weight arises from a prodigious quantity of air that is fixed during combustion and combines with the vapors. This discovery, which I have established by experiments, that I regard as decisive, has led me to think that what is observed in the combustion of sulfur and phosphorus may well take place in the case of all substances that gain in weight by combustion and calcination; and I am persuaded that the increase in weight of metallic calyxes is due to the same cause... This discovery seems to me one of the most interesting that has been made since" - Antoine Lavoisier
"This theory [the oxygen theory] is not as I have heard it described, that of the French chemists, it is mine (elle est la mienne); it is a property which I claim from my contemporaries and from posterity." - Antoine Lavoisier
"A DNA sequence for the genome of bacteriophage ΦX174 of approximately 5,375 nucleotides has been determined using the rapid and simple 'plus and minus' method. The sequence identifies many of the features responsible for the production of the proteins of the nine known genes of the organism, including initiation and termination sites for the proteins and RNAs. Two pairs of genes are coded by the same region of DNA using different reading frames." - Frederick Sanger
"The uniformity of the earth's life, more astonishing than its diversity, is accountable by the high probability that we derived, originally, from some single cell, fertilized in a bolt of lightning as the earth cooled. It is from the progeny of this parent cell that we take our looks; we still share genes around, and the resemblance of the enzymes of grasses to those of whales is a family resemblance." - Lewis Thomas
"Nernst was a great admirer of Shakespeare, and it is said that in a conference concerned with naming units after appropriate persons, he proposed that the unit of rate of liquid flow should be called the falstaff." - J.R. Partington
"Look here, I have succeeded at last in fetching some gold from the sun." - Gustav Kirchhoff
"Briefly, in the act of composition, as an instrument there intervenes and is most potent, fire, flaming, fervid, hot; but in the very substance of the compound there intervenes, as an ingredient, as it is commonly called, as a material principle and as a constituent of the whole compound the material and principle of fire, not fire itself. This I was the first to call phlogiston." - Georg Ernst Stahl
"I would like to start by emphasizing the importance of surfaces. It is at a surface where many of our most interesting and useful phenomena occur. We live for example on the surface of a planet. It is at a surface where the catalysis of chemical reactions occur. It is essentially at a surface of a plant that sunlight is converted to a sugar. In electronics, most if not all active circuit elements involve non-equilibrium phenomena occurring at surfaces. Much of biology is concerned with reactions at a surface." - Walter Houser Brattain
"Chemistry has the same quickening and suggestive influence upon the algebraist as a visit to the Royal Academy, or the old masters may be supposed to have on a Browning or a Tennyson. Indeed it seems to me that an exact homology exists between painting and poetry on the one hand and modem chemistry and modem algebra on the other. In poetry and algebra we have the pure idea elaborated and expressed through the vehicle of language, in painting and chemistry the idea enveloped in matter, depending in part on manual processes and the resources of art for its due manifestation." - James Joseph Sylvester
"As chemists, we must rename [our] scheme and insert the symbols Ba, La, Ce in place of Ra, Ac, Th. As nuclear chemists closely associated with physics, we cannot yet convince ourselves to make this leap, which contradicts all previous experience in nuclear physics." - Otto Hahn
"In the last four days I have got the (results) given by Tantalum, Chromium, Manganese, Iron , Nickel, Cobalt and Copper ... The chief result is that ... the result for any metal (is) quite easy to guess from the results for the others. This shews that the insides of all the atoms are very much alike, and from these results it will be possible to find out something of what the insides are made up of." - Henry Moseley
"" - Humphry Davy
"Atoms are round balls of wood invented by Dr. Dalton." - Henry Enfield Roscoe
"At my urgent request the Curie laboratory, in which radium was discovered a short time ago, was shown to me. The Curies themselves were away travelling. It was a cross between a stable and a potato-cellar, and, if I had not seen the worktable with the chemical apparatus, I would have thought it a practical joke." - Wilhelm, Ostwald
"I was led to the conclusion that at the most extreme dilutions all salts would consist of simple conducting molecules. But the conducting molecules are, according to the hypothesis of Clausius and Williamson, dissociated; hence at extreme dilutions all salt molecules are completely disassociated. The degree of dissociation can be simply found on this assumption by taking the ratio of the molecular conductivity of the solution in question to the molecular conductivity at the most extreme dilution." - Svante August Arrhenius
"My laboratory is interested in the related challenges of understanding the origin of life on the early earth, and constructing synthetic cellular life in the laboratory. Focusing on artificial life frees us to explore novel chemical systems, but what we learn from these systems helps us to understand possible pathways leading to the origin of life. Our basic design for a synthetic cell involves the encapsulation of a spontaneously replicating nucleic acid, which acts as the genetic material, within a spontaneously replicating membrane vesicle, which provides spatial localization. We are using chemical synthesis to make nucleic acids with modified nucleobases and sugar-phosphate backbones." - Jack W. Szostak
"This [discovery of a cell-free yeast extract] will make" - Adolf Von Baeyer
"For it is not cell nuclei, not even individual chromosomes, but certain parts of certain chromosomes from certain cells that must be isolated and collected in enormous quantities for analysis; that would be the precondition for placing the chemist in such a position as would allow him to analyse [the hereditary material] more minutely than [can] the morphologists ... For the morphology of the nucleus has reference at the very least to the gearing of the clock, but at best the chemistry of the nucleus refers only to the metal from which the gears are formed." - Theodor Boveri
"The science of genetics is in a transition period, becoming an exact science just as the chemistry in the times of Lavoisier, who made the balance an indispensable implement in chemical research." - Wilhelm Johannsen
"A demonstrative and convincing proof that an acid does consist of pointed parts is, that not only all acid salts do Crystallize into edges, but all Dissolutions of different things, caused by acid liquors, do assume this figure in their Crystallization; these Crystalls consist of points differing both in length and bigness from one another, and this diversity must be attributed to the keener or blunter edges of the different sorts of acids." - Nicolas Lemery
"We all teach ... the chemistry of" - Marcellin Berthelot
"I do not want chemistry to degenerate into a religion; I do not want the chemist to believe in the existence of atoms as the Christian believes in the existence of Christ in the communion wafer." - Marcellin Berthelot
"In the vestibule of the Manchester Town Hall are placed two life-sized marble statues facing each other. One of these is that of John Dalton ... the other that of James Prescott Joule. ... Thus the honour is done to Manchester's two greatest sons—to Dalton, the founder of modern Chemistry and of the atomic theory, and the laws of chemical-combining proportions; to Joule, the founder of modern physics and the discoverer of the Law of Conservation of Energy." - Henry Enfield Roscoe
"" - Kurt Mendelssohn
"At the moment I am occupied by an investigation with" - Robert Bunsen
"You're both so screwed up alone that together you're like the perfect mess." - J. Sterling
"What are the three most important rules of the chemist?"" - Patrick Rothfuss
"Most things in this world don´t work, aspirin do." - Kurt Vonnegut
"Several billion trillion tons of superhot exploding hydrogen nuclei rose slowly above the horizon and managed to look small, cold and slightly damp." - Douglas Adams
"you're Shane, right?'" - Susan Mallery
"Kemia huunda mahusiano mema miongoni mwa watu." - Enock Maregesi
"I had once repeated the experiment to reassure myself that this was so, and it was. Ashes to ashes; starch to sugar. A little window into the Creation" - Alan Bradley
"You know you're a chemist when you expect your washing machine not just to have "spin" but to have "lock and shim" as well. And when your clothes don't come out clean you wonder if it's because you chose the wrong solvent from the menu or something, or maybe it ran out of N2. Or if the machine was tuned to "pants" rather than "socks" nucleus. And then you think "I'll submit it for service" - Lukasz Pilarski
"There was something ghost-like and insubstantial about gases to these early chemists. They called liquids that turned into gases easily, "spirits." Methyl alcohol, they called "wood spirit"; ethyl alcohol, "wine spirit." Even today, alcoholic beverages are frequently referred to as "spirits." (Modern Arabs, from whose language the word "alcohol" was taken, call ethyl alcohol "spirit" from the English. This is a queer exchange.)" - Isaac Asimov
"I am now convinced that we have recently become possessed of experimental evidence of the discrete or grained nature of matter, which the atomic hypothesis sought in vain for hundreds and thousands of years. The isolation and counting of gaseous ions, on the one hand, which have crowned with success the long and brilliant researches of J.J. Thomson, and, on the other, agreement of the Brownian movement with the requirements of the kinetic hypothesis, established by many investigators and most conclusively by J. Perrin, justify the most cautious scientist in now speaking of the experimental proof of the atomic nature of matter, The atomic hypothesis is thus raised to the position of a scientifically well-founded theory, and can claim a place in a text-book intended for use as an introduction to the present state of our knowledge of General Chemistry." - Wilhelm Ostwald
"Chloroplasts bear chlorophyll; they give the green world its color, and they carry out the business of photosynthesis. Around the inside perimeter of each gigantic cell trailed a continuous loop of these bright green dots. They spun . . . they pulsed, pressed, and thronged . . . they shone, they swarmed in ever-shifting files around and around the edge of the cell; they wandered, they charged, they milled, raced . . . they flowed and trooped greenly . . . All the green in the planted world consists of these whole, rounded chloroplasts . . . If you analyze a molecule of chlorophyll itself, what you get is one hundred thirty-six atoms of hydrogen, carbon, oxygen, and nitrogen arranged in an exact and complex relationship around a central ring. At the ring’s center is a single atom of magnesium. Now: If you remove the atom of magnesium and in its place put an atom of iron, you get a molecule of hemoglobin. The iron atom combines with all the other atoms to make red blood, the streaming red dots in the goldfish’s tail." - Annie Dillard
"Okay, so I'm completely undignified. As soon as school got out, I ran up to Kim, Nora and Cricket on the quad and told them the news. They were completely surprised and excited: Cricket was even jumping up an down. "Shiv! Ag!" she yelled." - E. Lockhart
"Wherever we look, the work of the chemist has raised the level of our civilization and has increased the productive capacity of our nation." - Calvin Coolidge
"Hey Cara,” Crispin Calaway says. “Just wanted to drop these off for you. You need to get cracking on your chemistry studying if you want to understand the class.” He sets a notebook down in front of me." - Haley Fisher
"On examinations: Das Wissen ist der Tad der Forschung." - Walther Nernst
"Life is chemistry, not biology." - Joey Lawsin
"He is a dull observer whose experience has not taught him the reality and force of magic, as well as of chemistry." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"In 1902," - Robert K. Wilcox
"I studied calculus for the first time, which to me was an amazingly empowering experience which I could really see how you could understand all sorts of things, and I decided that chemistry and biology just had too much memory for me to be interested. Physics was very easy." - Marshall Nicholas Rosenbluth
"To prove to an indignant questioner on the spur of the moment that the work I do was useful seemed a thankless task and I gave it up. I turned to him with a smile and finished, 'To tell you the truth we don't do it because it is useful but because it's amusing.' The answer was thought of and given in a moment: it came from deep down in my mind, and the results were as admirable from my point of view as unexpected. My audience was clearly on my side. Prolonged and hearty applause greeted my confession. My questioner retired shaking his head over my wickedness and the newspapers next day, with obvious approval, came out with headlines 'Scientist Does It Because It's Amusing!' And if that is not the best reason why a scientist should do his work, I want to know what is. Would it be any good to ask a mother what practical use her baby is? That, as I say, was the first evening I ever spent in the United States and from that moment I felt at home. I realised that all talk about science purely for its practical and wealth-producing results is as idle in this country as in England. Practical results will follow right enough. No real knowledge is sterile. The most useless investigation may prove to have the most startling practical importance: Wireless telegraphy might not yet have come if" - A.V. Hill
"Humanity stands ... before a great problem of finding new raw materials and new sources of energy that shall never become exhausted. In the meantime we must not waste what we have, but must leave as much as possible for coming generations." - Svante Arrhenius
"Ostwald was a great protagonist and an inspiring teacher. He had the gift of saying the right thing in the right way. When we consider the development of chemistry as a whole, Ostwald's name like Abou ben Adhem's leads all the rest ... Ostwald was absolutely the right man in the right place. He was loved and followed by more people than any chemist of our time." - Wilder Dwight Bancroft
"Good bye may seem forever. Farewell is like the end, but in my heart is the memory and there you will always be." - disney
"Here you leave today and enter the world of yesterday, tomorrow, and fantasy." - Walt Disney
"You think the only people who are people, are the people who look and think like you. But if you walk the footsteps of a stranger, you'll learn things you never knew you never knew." - Pocahontas" - Disney
"Well, spit on my empty grave--if it ain't the attack of the Disney princesses!" - Amy Plum
"But they say if you dream a thing more than once, it's sure to come true." - Walt Disney Company
"Exactly. These guys just want me to play Snow White singing in her little cottage while they do all the work.'" - Alyxandra Harvey
"If you don't like Cinderella because she seems so "naive" and "weak," listen to this quote from the Walt himself: "She believed in dreams, all right, but she also believed in doing something about them. When Prince Charming didn't come along, she went over to the palace and got him." - Walt Disney
"I like to think that nothing's final, and that everyone gets to be together even when it looks like they don't, that it all works out even when all the evidence seems to say something else, that you and I are always young in the woods, and that I'll see you sometime again, even if it's not with any kind of eyes I know of or understand. I wouldn't be surprised if that is the way things go after all - that all things end happy." - Jodi Lynn Anderson
"Always trust computer games." - Ridley Pearson
"All over the world major museums have bowed to the influence of Disney and become theme parks in their own right. The past, whether Renaissance Italy or Ancient Egypt, is re-assimilated and homogenized into its most digestible form. Desperate for the new, but disappointed with anything but the familiar, we recolonize past and future. The same trend can be seen in personal relationships, in the way people are expected to package themselves, their emotions and sexuality, in attractive and instantly appealing forms." - J.G. Ballard
"If the Beast gave me a library like he gave to Belle, I’d marry him too." - Aya Ling 
"Oh, shimmer down, Hunter. You're too testy. How many times have I've told you that you need to chill out, take a vacay. Disney World is really fun this time of the year. you should check it out." - Jennifer L. Armentrout
"I’ll be there someday, I can go the distance." - Walt Disney Company
"When will my reflection show who I am inside?" - Walt Disney Company
"I'd rather die tomorrow than live a hundred years without knowing you." - Walt Disney Company
"Who's Chernabog?" Grumbled Maybeck." - Ridley Pearson
"We keep moving forward, opening new doors and doing new things, because we're curious,and curiosity keeps leading us down new paths." - Walt Disney
"Anna: Ash, I don't have anything planned with my Mother... She's dead." - Jessi Kirby
"And it's almost too perfect. Almost too Disney." - Becky Albertalli
"The fast fliers are not disgraced." Queen Ree reached up for the missing tiara. "She saved us, but she's with him now."" - Gail Carson Levine
"What did that Walt Disney song say? Someday my prince will come? Well, mine came alright... and I don't think Disney would make a song out of it" - D.H. Starr
"A bambiraptor is a savage baby dear." - Alan Davies
"So planning something big."" - Ridley Pearson
"I first set the needle on this record and bingo! the whole mechanism begins: the record player's arm tugs at a thread as the record plays; the thread pulls over this glass and lets this marble loose; the marble rolls down this miniature slide and snap! the spring is released, cutting off your heads! Brilliant!" - Walt Disney Company
"Disney and I were a bad mix. For a year I was probably more depressed than I have ever been in my life. I worked for a great animator, Glenn Kean. He was nice, he was good to me, he's a really strong animator and he helped me. But he also kind of tortured me because I got all the cute fox scenes to draw, and I couldn't draw all those four-legged Disney foxes. I just couldn't do it. I couldn't even fake the Disney style. Mine looked like road kills." - Tim Burton
"No one bad is ever truly bad, and no one good is ever truly good" - Michael Waldron
"Maybe kissing your roommate was a thing all guys did at some point or another, and they just didn’t talk about it. Like singing along with power ballads in the car, or getting teary eyed at the end of Disney movies." - Avon Gale
"Kingdom? Or queendom?"" - Liz Braswell
"She thought about their adventures together. How he had never given up on her. How he had forced her on. How he had constantly, annoyingly remained cheerful and upbeat in any situation. How he had killed demons and always talked about his stupid horse and ate porridge that he hated." - Liz Braswell
"If I don't love it, I" - Anton Ego, from Disney Pixar's 'Ratatouille'
"Did you notice?" - Staci Hart
"Ohana means family." - Scott Peterson
"Do you always talk in driving metaphors?"" - Seanan McGuire
"Have courage and be kind" - Cinderella movie 2015
"After my initial disappointment, I realized that Milicent being a normal, non-royal was more important to her position as a role model. It was more inspirational. She didn't have superpowers or a magic wand. She was simply intelligent and savvy and good at what she did. We need women to be allowed to be simply good at what they do. We need them on set, in meetings, behind cameras and pens and paintbrushes. We need them to be themselves, to be human: ordinary and flawed. That way, more girls can see them and think "I can do that." That way, no one can look at them and say " She got that job because she's beautiful. She got that gig because she slept with someone."" - Mallory O'Meara
"It's up to you to let a dream be a dream or to bring it to life." - Giovannie de Sadeleer
"American campuses. Like Disneyland, they are an ideal micro-city, the artificial ideal type of an intellectual biosphere. Like any realization of an ideal, they end up secreting a fierce coercion ('political correctness') and an internal intoxication, with its poisons and endorphins." - Jean Baudrillard
"If you can dream it, you can do it!" - Walt Disney
"Disney’s “Doc Mc Stuffins’” Halloween episode “Boo-Hoo To You” explains to young children that Halloween is merely for enjoyment, fun, and is all just pretend." - Asa Don Brown
"50,000 workers at the Yue Yen Nike Factory in China would have to work for nineteen years to earn what Nike spends on advertising in one year. Wal-Mart's annual sales are worth 120 times more than Haiti's entire annual budget; Disney CEO Michael Eisner earns $9,783 an hour while a Haitian worker earns 28 cents an hour; it would take a Haitian worker 16.8 years to earn Eisner's hourly income; the $181 million in stock options Eisner exercised in 1996 is enough to take care of his 19,000 Haitian workers and their families for fourteen years." - Naomi Klein
"I keep forgetting - which Disney princess is it who solves all her own problems without trying to find a boyfriend?" - Nitya Prakash
"-Bestia siempre será lo que es..., una bestia. Es Bella la que al fin le ama a pesar y por encima de ello y por eso lo ve como un príncipe" - Estefanía Yepes
"No. She wasn't happy spending her days reading about other people living their lives to the fullest, sultans risking it all for their people. She wanted to be living those things herself, doing them herself." - Elizabeth Rudnick
"I couldn't bear being this suburban mom who was alternating between screaming at her kids and being the heartfelt, privileged witness to their joy. But the people around us - the haranguing mothers and sexless fathers - I kept trying to find ways that I was better than these people, but all I kept landing on was the fact that the common denominator was me." - Taffy Brodesser-Akner
"When you're talking about over 26,000 items - and that's just Disney - it's a little hard to say where "want" ends and "coercion" begins." - Peggy Orenstein
"Decision making is easy when your values are clear." - Roy Disney (Walt's brother)
"He dreamed big dreams - impossible dreams they told him. Then he moved heaven and earth to make his dreams come true. When you, as a leader, start with a vision, then communicate that vision to the people you lead, utilize your people skills to motivate and inspire them, maintain your character and integrity at every decision-point, command with competence, lead with boldness and confidence, and support your people with your serving heart, your vision will become your reality." - Pat Williams
"As much as this process was a test of my ideas, it was also a test of my temperament, and I couldn't let the negativity being expressed by people who knew little about me affect the way I felt about myself." - Robert Iger
"If handed an actual basketball, I would instantly cry. For me, doing sports was like meeting the Disney characters at Disney World. On TV I loved Mickey Mouse, but when I met the actual real-life Mickey, or rather his impersonator, and he tried to hug me in his warm fuzzy suit, I recoiled in fear." - Mindy Kaling
"The profoundly negationist character of information, the demand for which has no concern for any historical reality or any moral meaning. Shoah or no Shoah, if Hitler were alive he would be on all the screens." - Jean Baudrillard
"We have no obligation to make history. We have no obligation to make art. We have no obligation to make a statement. To make money is our only objective." - Michael Eisner
"The futility of everything that comes to us from the media is the inescapable consequence of the absolute inability of that particular stage to remain silent. Music, commercial breaks, newsflashes, adverts, news broadcasts, movies, presenters - there is no alternative but to fill the screen; otherwise there would be an irremediable void. We are back in the Byzantine situation, where idolatry calls on a plethora of images to conceal from itself the fact that God no longer exists. That's why the slightest technical hitch, the slightest slip on the part of a presenter becomes so exciting, for it reveals the depth of the emptiness squinting out at us through this little window." - Jean Baudrillard
"Willyoucomedowntodinner?" The Beast finally muttered." - Liz Braswell
"Nothing has the same meaning any more once it has been confronted not with its unfinished form, but with its accomplished or even excessive form. We are no longer fighting the spectre of alienation, but that of ultra-reality. We are no longer fighting our shadows, but transparency. And every step in technological progress, every advance in information and communications, brings us closer to that inescapable transparency. All the signs have been reversed as a result of this precession of the end, this irruption of the final term at the very heart of things and their unfolding. The same acts, the same thoughts and the same hopes which brought us nearer to that finality we so longed for now take us away from it, since it is behind us. Similarly, everything changes meaning once the movement of History crosses this fatal demarcation line: the same events have different meanings depending on whether they take place in a history that is being made or in a history being unmade. It's the same with the curve of History as it is with the trajectory of reality. It is the upward movement which gives them force of reality. On the downward curve -- or because the movement is simply continuing as a result of its own inertia -- everything is caught in a different refraction space, as in a gravity alternator. In that new space, as in Alice's looking-glass space, words and effects are stood on their head, and every movement impedes every other." - Jean Baudrillard
"Let us not be deceived about the cool forms, forms indifferent to themselves, which this fetishism can assume in Warhol. Behind this machinic snobbery, what is really going on is a rise and rise of objects, images, signs and simulacra, as well as a rise and rise of values, the finest example of which is the art market itself. We are a long way from the alienation of price, which is still a real measure of things. We are in the ecstasy of value, which explodes the notion of market and simultaneously destroys the art work as such. Warhol is naturally party to this extermination of the real by the image, and to such an overdoing of the image as to put an end to all aesthetic value." - Jean Baudrillard
"But then again, what fairies offered you pâté?" - Liz Braswell
"I---" the Beast coughed again. "I hope you like it here."" - Liz Braswell
"And then...burble...to come...blorb ten years later...glug...and ask me..."" - Liz Braswell
"Mickey was not merely the right idea at the right time; he was the creative solution to a crisis in Walt's life." - Pat Williams
"Women were never absent from film history; they often simply weren’t documented as part of it because they did “" - Erin Hill
"Langdon watched the phone plummet down and splash into the dark waters of the Nervión River. As it disappeared beneath the surface, he felt a pang of loss, staring back after it as the boat raced on." - Dan Brown
"The heart may be weak. And sometimes it may even give in. But I've learned that deep down, there's a light that never goes out!" - Tetsuya Nomura
"Your library makes our small corner of the world feel big..." - Belle (Beauty & The Beast)
"I HAVE SOME QUESTIONS ABOUT KING TRITON. Specifically, King, why are you elderly but with the body of a teenage Beastmaster? How do you maintain those monster pecs? Do they have endocrinologists under the sea? Because I am scheduling you some bloodwork..." - Lindy West
"Robin Hood: Ah, but remember faint hearts never won fair lady." - Disney
"When I was young and I was forced to watch Disney films, I would fast forward the good guys, wasn't interested in princes and princesses, only by the villains." - Nuno Roque
"How can the heart and mind work together? The mind wants logic and to travel in straight lines, while the heart wants to be free and travel upward in spirals to dizzying heights." - Gillian Duce
"You can be happy or you can be unhappy. It's just" - Walt Disney
"Well, it's my favorite! Far off places, daring sword fights, a prince in disguise..." - Beauty and the Beast
"Be patient, is very good advice, but the waiting makes me curious." - Oliver Wallace & Paul J. Smith
"Brenda Chapman" - Elena Favilli
"Some people build roads and then walk" - Vineet Raj Kapoor
"What happened was, they put me and my co-marshal, author Ridley Pearson, into an antique fire truck along with Daisy Duck and Clarabelle the Cow. I have nothing against either of these veteran Disney characters, but let's be honest, their careers are not currently sizzling, especially in the case of Clarabelle, who hasn't had a hit cartoon since roughly the Civil War." - Dave Barry
"One thing I know from personal experience: nothing in my relationship with Walt Disney or his brother was influenced either positively or negatively because I'm Jewish... Walt had called one day when I was attending services at our synagogue during the Jewish High Holy Days, Rosh Hashannah and Yom Kippur. When Tommie told Walt where I was, she let me know his reaction: "That's where he should be, with his family." - Martin Sklar
"Walt Disney wasn't afraid of risk and failure. 'You do big things, you make big mistakes.' he says in Van Frances's Window on Main Street." - Chris Strodder
"Any time you design a character for a Disney picture, especially a fairy tale, it's going to become the definitive design for that character, so you don't want to hack something out. You need to put in the kind of care it warrants if it's going to live in history." - Glen Keane
"My life written as a theater production would be considered a tragedy. My life written by the good times experienced, would be considered a fairytale." - Richie Norton
"Walt reorganized the fickleness of audiences and the challenge of always providing something new. For me, this great entrepreneurial adventure was an exposure to 'yes if' consulting as a more useful format than 'no because'...'Yes if' was the language of an enabler, pointing to what needed to be done to make the possible plausible. Walt liked this language. 'No because' is the language of a deal killer. 'Yes if' is the approach of a deal maker. Creative people thrive on 'yes if'." - Harrison Price
"Keep Moving Forward" - Meet the Robinsons
"Maybe it's not to much to hope that the Disney Company might one day get over its self-imposed fears and finally find its own Laughing Place." - Jim Korkis
"As the character of Uncle Remus says in the movie: 'You can't run away from trouble. There ain't no place that far." - Jim Korkis
"So them who can't learn from a tale about critters, just ain't got the ears tuned to listen."" - jim korkis
"The last slide is Main Street at night, with the castle lit silver blue in the background. In the sky, fireworks are going off, cresting, cracking open the darkness, shooting long tendrils of colored light down to the buildings, way longer than I’ve ever seen for fireworks… I linger on this slide. I study that blue castle and those fireworks and realize that this is the image I’ve had in my head of Disneyland for all these years. Just like the beginning of the Wonderful World of Disney TV show. Maybe that’s why I wanted to head here this time. I know it’s ridiculous, but part of me wants to think that the world after this one could look like that." - Michael Zadoorian
"When Walt became all wrapped up in the theme parks and live-action films, we tried to get him interested in animation again," recalls Frank Thomas, one of the Studio's "Nine Old Men."" - Charles Solomon
"Reflecting on the creation of the songs and vocal performances, Peter [Schneider] speaks with respect and regret: "It's sad that Howard [Ashman] never saw the finished movie of" - Charles Solomon
"Se si avvelena una mela, non si può ignorare che i suoi" - Alice Chimera
"As conceived here, EPCOT will be a “Showcase for prototype concepts”, demonstrating practical applications of new ideas and systems from creative centers everywhere. It will provide an “on-going forum of the future”, where the best thinking of industry, government, and academia is exchanged to communicate practical solutions to the needs of the world community. It will be a “communicator to the world”, utilizing the growing spectrum of information transfer to bring new knowledge to the public. Finally, EPCOT will be a permanent “international people-to-people exchange”, advancing the cause of world understanding." - Michael  Crawford
"This is what EPCOT Center and its two major themes, Future World and the World Showcase, will be devoted to: the advancement of international understanding and the solution of the problems of people everywhere – through the communication of ideas." - Michael  Crawford
"What I had to deal with taught me that it's not the role which makes a person important."" - Teresa Radice
"El precio de una camiseta con la imagen de la princesa Pocahontas, vendida por la casa Disney, equivale al salario de toda una semana del obrero que ha cosido esa camiseta en Haití, a un ritmo de 375 camisetas por hora. Haití fue el primer país en el mundo que abolió la esclavitud; y dos siglos después de aquella hazaña, que muchos muertos costó, el país padece la esclavitud asalariada. La cadena McDonald's regala juguetes a sus clientes infantiles. Esos juguetes se fabrican en Vietnam, donde las obreras trabajan diez horas seguidas, en galpones cerrados a cal y canto, a cambio de ochenta centavos. Vietnam había derrotado la invasión militar de los Estados Unidos; y un cuarto de siglo después de aquella hazaña, que muchos muertos costó, el país padece la humillación globalizada." - Eduardo Galeano
"I'm a damsel, I'm in distress, I can handle this. Have a nice day!" - Walt Disney Company
"Whatever you do, do it well. Do it so well that when people see you do it, they will want to come back and see you do it again, and they will want to bring others and show them how well you do what you do." - Walt Disney
"That's what we storytellers do. We restore order with imagination. We instill hope again and again and again." - Kelly Marcel & Sue Smith
"All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them." - Disney
"Hakuna Matata means no worries" - The Lion King
"The thing about fairy tales is that the princess finds her prince, but there's generally a price to pay. A compromise of some kind is required for happily ever after. The woman in the fairy tale is generally the one who pays the price, which is such a rotten deal. This seems to be the nature of sacrifice in most matters." - Roxane Gay
"Okay, so how does this work exactly?" I ask as we walk toward his car. "Do we float down the bayou in rowboat while little critters sing 'Kiss the Girl'." - Colleen Hoover
"Who says that my dreams have to stay just my dreams?" - Ariel
"just keep swimming" - dory
"If Mickey Mouse could fly, he'd be Donald Duck." - Janet Evanovich
"Walt also had a humorous sign posted outside the mansion, recruiting ghosts who wanted to enjoy 'active retirement' in the "country club atmosphere' of this 'fashionable address'. Interested ghosts were to write to the 'Ghost Relations Dept. Disneyland,' and were told,'Do not apply in person." - Leslie Le Mon
"Do you trust me?" - Aladdin
"One thing I'd learned growing up was that no matter who claimed you, you had to first claim yourself." - Ridley Pearson
"The odd was the ordinary at Alistair Grim's. The people who lived there were odd. The things they did there were odd. Even the there itself there was odd." - Gregory Funaro
"Disney happy is the most happy you can be. It’s at the top of the happy scale right above eating cheesecake in a hot tub." - Tom Fletcher
"Almost there..." I said, like I was taking my child to Disneyland." - Holly Bourne
"I’m a starving child trying to stuff my stomach, gorging my senses on the decadence of these moments as if I’ll wake up in the morning and realize I’m still sweeping cinders for my stepmother.But then Adam’s lips press against my head and my worries put on a fancy dress and pretend to be something else for a while." - Tahereh Mafi
"Fate is unkind when your dreams only exist within the confines of a classic Disney rhyme." - j.d. tulloch
"According to Zagat Disneyland Insider's Guide (2010), the Candy Palace is the fifth most popular store in the entire resort, and the third most popular in the park. Perhaps one reason is the shop's intoxicating candy scent; it vents onto Main Street, an elixir of vanilla and molten chocolate that entices Guests to enter the premises and then entices then to remain. pouring over the bins, shelves, and racks of traditional and unique candies." - Leslie Le Mon
"Whatever form it might take, enjoy the magic! Remember, Disneyland is all about you." - Leslie Le Mon
"Why do we have to grow up? I know more adults who have the children's approach to life. They're people who don't give a hang what the Joneses do. You see them at Disneyland every time you go there. They are not afraid to be delighted with simple pleasures, and they have a degree of contentment with what life has brought - sometimes it isn't much, either. °o°" - Walt Disney
"Thanks to a lifetime of brainwashing by Disney and Lifetime and Hallmark, she naively believes glimpsing God during an epic fuck somehow translates into some kind of happily ever after with her Prince Charming." - Lauren Rowe
"In a large sense, Main Street is the American origin story. It's an evocation of the American creation tale, and the kick is that the American origin story is a never-ending one, a perpetual tale of creation and re-creation, an eternal now." - Leslie Le Mon
"No child has ever been kidnapped from Disneyland. This is one of many Disneyland urban legends that don't have a basis in fact. The kidnap stories-- urban legends." - Leslie Le Mon
"To paraphrase the famous Walt saying, Cast Members are there to work so Guests can play." - Leslie Le Mon
"I can't think of a film I've worked on where everybody just chilled out while they worked. Even if we had two more years, we'd still be stressing about shots. It's what we signed up for when we wanted to be filmmakers." - Dan Lund
"The cacophonous touch of fame to my sole reiterates why I came: not for fame but to remind that fate is unkind when your dreams only exist within the confines of a classic Disney rhyme." - j.d. tulloch
"Disneyland was one perfect answer. It provided, an almost sacred space where it is permissible and safe to let one's guard down, take a risk, rediscover imagination, have fun, express emotion, play and deepen family ties. This is powerful stuff even today, in our nation of workaholics and two-working-parent households, and it was certainly powerful in the anxious 1950's." - Leslie Le Mon
"It's not a real place, or a place that you can stay for long; it's a somewhere-over-the-rainbow archetype but rooted in genuine emotions. No matter what Guests' care might be, when they step onto Main Street they enter an evocation of the ideal home town. This is, in a sense, the 'home' to which Dorothy Gale wanted to return. Main Street welcomes all Guests with warmth as comforting today as it was to the post-war society of the 1950's for which it was originally created." - Leslie Le Mon
"What if the cloak wasn't magic at all, like the feather in that story Granny used to tell me about the elephant with the big ears?" - Wendy Toliver
"A true hero isn't measured by the size of his strength, but by the size of his heart." - Zeus
"If you don't believe in yourself, who will?' ~Maybeck" - Ridley Pearson
"Just keep swimming." - Dory
"The very things that held you down are gonna carry you up and up and up." - Timothy Mouse
"Of all of our inventions for mass communication, pictures still speak the most universally understood language." - Walt Disney
"Be careful what you wear to bed, because you never know where you might wake up." - Ridley Pearson
"Everything's just fucking" - Nenia Campbell
"I had a friend in college who loved to say: 'If you can dream it, you can do it.' It became my mantra. I assumed it was a pearl of wisdom from some great thinker, a philosopher perhaps, like Descartes. It turned out to be Walt Disney, which in no way diminishes the wisdom of the advice. Anyone who can build a Magic Kingdom deserves to be listened to." - Michele Gorman
"Yet the only girl who'd love him is his mother...' - A Girl Worth Fighting For (song)" - David Zippel
"I knew from that moment on that all the fairy tale bullshit I was fed by Disney and everyone else was nonexistent. I stopped looking for it, got more realistic, and I’ve been fine. Until now,” I look up into Corbin’s eyes. “Until you." - Kandi Steiner
"Nothing is more important than our friendship." - Sully Monsters Inc
"We could stay. You could sleep it off and we can still go to Disney with everyone tomorrow. Don’t you want to go to Fantasyland?” I batted my eyelashes." - Rachael Wade
"It's Halloween, you can tell everyone you're going as your favorite Steampunck character."" - Girl vs Monster
"I believe in the power of imagination. I believe in the unexplained possibilities of the spirit. And I believe that the heart, like any other muscle, grows stiff if it is not exercised regularly." - Eve Zibart
"Most castles in the air are never built. But Walt Disney's was." - Eve Zibart
"And when I promise something, I never ever break that promise. Never." - Rapunzel
"I can’t think straight around her. I think love" - Lexi Blake
"I’m a fan of Belle from Beauty and the Beast. Brunette and doesn’t mind a guy that’s an animal? Hell yeah." - Magan Vernon
"Best friends stick together." - Mickey Mouse
"We don't scare easy. We're Mycologists."" - Girl vs Monster
"Unless you're under 12 or into role playing, you shouldn't be wearing Mickey Mouse ears #AHOLE" - Andy Ostrom
"It is understandable you would want to come back as yourself into a wonderland with the sharpness of colour of the Queen of Hearts in a newly opened pack of cards. But coming back as yourself is resurrection. It is uncommon." - J. M. Ledgard
"You know it's a small world when you bump into friends you haven't seen since grade school on the, It's A Small World Ride, at Disney World." - Kilburn Hall
"P.S. Please give my love to Tink, she always was such a funny little bug" - Jodi Lynn Anderson
"I was afraid of anyone in a costume. A trip to see Santa might as well have been a trip to sit on Hitler's lap for all the trauma it would cause me. Once, when I was four, my mother and I were in a Sears and someone wearing an enormous Easter Bunny costume headed my way to present me with a chocolate Easter egg. I was petrified by this nightmarish six-foot-tall bipedal pink fake-fur monster with human-sized arms and legs and a soulless, impassive face heading toward me. It waved halfheartedly as it held a piece of candy out in an evil attempt to lure me into its clutches. Fearing for my life, I pulled open the bottom drawer of a display case and stuck my head inside, the same way an ostrich buries its head in the sand. This caused much hilarity among the surrounding adults, and the chorus of grown-up laughter I heard echoing from within that drawer only added to the horror of the moment. Over the next several years, I would run away in terror from a guy in a gorilla suit whose job it was to wave customers into a car wash, a giant Uncle Sam on stilts, a midget dressed like a leprechaun, an astronaut, the Detroit Tigers mascot, Ronald McDonald, Big Bird, Bozo the Clown, and every Mickey Mouse, Minnie Mouse, Donald Duck, Pluto, Chip and Dale, Uncle Scrooge, and Goofy who walked the streets at Disneyland. Add to this an irrational fear of small dogs that saw me on more than one occasion fleeing in terror from our neighbor's four-inch-high miniature dachschund as if I were being chased by the Hound of the Baskervilles and a chronic case of germ phobia, and it's pretty apparent that I was--what some of the less politically correct among us might call--a first-class pussy." - Paul Feig
"We are a generation that is obsessed with nostalgia. Everything from the past is so readily available in ways that it never was before and because of that, western civilization will experience a period of arrested growth. The future holds fifty-year-old men and women running Disney Princess blogs. Bank on it." - Jayme K.
"And it was true that if you categorized people by which Disney character they were, then Jonah would always be Bambi. Motherless, graceful, unobtrusive. Ethan--Jiminy Cricket, the annoying little conscience... just look at Ash. In the Disney hierarchy she was Snow White... He paused to wonder which Disney character Jules was, and realized that Disney did not make women or girls or woodland animals that were like her." - Meg Wolitzer
"At least the more modern princesses had the guts to do something aside from clean and wait to be rescued. They armed themselves and tried to provide good role models to impressionable girl tykes. It riled some innate feminist... that the princesses were strongest when they were acting like the men..." - Thomm Quackenbush
=======
>>>>>>> aa6655ca07f4c04edde332125169a5a50a8cf13d
"Don’t walk in front of me… I may not follow" - Albert Camus
"Good friends, good books, and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life." - Mark Twain
"Outside of a dog, a book is man's best friend. Inside of a dog it's too dark to read." - Groucho Marx
"It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but just as much to stand up to our friends." - J.K. Rowling
"This life is what you make it. No matter what, you're going to mess up sometimes, it's a universal truth. But the good part is you get to decide how you're going to mess it up. Girls will be your friends - they'll act like it anyway. But just remember, some come, some go. The ones that stay with you through everything - they're your true best friends. Don't let go of them. Also remember, sisters make the best friends in the world. As for lovers, well, they'll come and go too. And baby, I hate to say it, most of them - actually pretty much all of them are going to break your heart, but you can't give up because if you give up, you'll never find your soulmate. You'll never find that half who makes you whole and that goes for everything. Just because you fail once, doesn't mean you're gonna fail at everything. Keep trying, hold on, and always, always, always believe in yourself, because if you don't, then who will, sweetie? So keep your head high, keep your chin up, and most importantly, keep smiling, because life's a beautiful thing and there's so much to smile about." - Marilyn Monroe
"There is no friend as loyal as a book." - Ernest Hemingway
"When we honestly ask ourselves which person in our lives mean the most to us, we often find that it is those who, instead of giving advice, solutions, or cures, have chosen rather to share our pain and touch our wounds with a warm and tender hand. The friend who can be silent with us in a moment of despair or confusion, who can stay with us in an hour of grief and bereavement, who can tolerate not knowing, not curing, not healing and face with us the reality of our powerlessness, that is a friend who cares." - Henri Nouwen
"It is one of the blessings of old friends that you can afford to be stupid with them." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Books are the quietest and most constant of friends; they are the most accessible and wisest of counselors, and the most patient of teachers." - Charles W. Eliot
"I don't know half of you half as well as I should like; and I like less than half of you half as well as you deserve." - J.R.R. Tolkien
"You're going to come across people in your life who will say all the right words at all the right times. But in the end, it's always their actions you should judge them by. It's actions, not words, that matter." - Nicholas Sparks
"When you're in jail, a good friend will be trying to bail you out. A best friend will be in the cell next to you saying, 'Damn, that was fun'." - Groucho Marx
"I do not want people to be very agreeable, as it saves me the trouble of liking them a great deal." - Jane Austen
"A guy and a girl can be just friends, but at one point or another, they will fall for each other...Maybe temporarily, maybe at the wrong time, maybe too late, or maybe forever" - Dave Matthews Band
"I think if I've learned anything about friendship, it's to hang in, stay connected, fight for them, and let them fight for you. Don't walk away, don't be distracted, don't be too busy or tired, don't take them for granted. Friends are part of the glue that holds life and faith together. Powerful stuff." - Jon Katz
"Nobody likes being alone that much. I don't go out of my way to make friends, that's all. It just leads to disappointment. " - Haruki Murakami
"Do I not destroy my enemies when I make them my friends?" - Abraham Lincoln
"The man of knowledge must be able not only to love his enemies but also to hate his friends." - Friedrich Nietzsche
"Some birds are not meant to be caged, that's all. Their feathers are too bright, their songs too sweet and wild. So you let them go, or when you open the cage to feed them they somehow fly out past you. And the part of you that knows it was wrong to imprison them in the first place rejoices, but still, the place where you live is that much more drab and empty for their departure." - Stephen King
"If you have two friends in your lifetime, you're lucky. If you have one good friend, you're more than lucky." - S.E. Hinton
"I had already found that it was not good to be alone, and so made companionship with what there was around me, sometimes with the universe and sometimes with my own insignificant self; but my books were always my friends, let fail all else." - Joshua Slocum
"Must you go? I was rather hoping you'd stay and be a ministering angel, but if you must go, you must."" - Cassandra Clare
"Animals are my friends...and I don't eat my friends." - George Bernard Shaw
"People come, people go – they’ll drift in and out of your life, almost like characters in a favorite book. When you finally close the cover, the characters have told their story and you start up again with another book, complete with new characters and adventures. Then you find yourself focusing on the new ones, not the ones from the past." - Nicholas Sparks
"It gives me strength to have somebody to fight for; I can never fight for myself, but, for others, I can kill." - Emilie Autumn
"When I say it's you I like, I'm talking about that part of you that knows that life is far more than anything you can ever see or hear or touch. That deep part of you that allows you to stand for those things without which humankind cannot survive. Love that conquers hate, peace that rises triumphant over war, and justice that proves more powerful than greed." - Fred Rogers
"Many people will walk in and out of your life, but only true friends will leave footprints in your heart" - Eleanor Roosevelt
"I am awfully greedy; I want everything from life. I want to be a woman and to be a man, to have many friends and to have loneliness, to work much and write good books, to travel and enjoy myself, to be selfish and to be unselfish… You see, it is difficult to get all which I want. And then when I do not succeed I get mad with anger." - Simone de Beauvoir
"True friends are always together in spirit." - L.M. Montgomery
"I got you to look after me, and you got me to look after you, and that's" - John Steinbeck
"I choose my friends for their good looks, my acquaintances for their good characters, and my enemies for their good intellects." - Oscar Wilde
"That's what people do who love you. They put their arms around you and love you when you're not so lovable." - Deb Caletti
"Piglet noticed that even though he had a Very Small Heart, it could hold a rather large amount of Gratitude." - A.A. Milne
"I think I fell in love with her, a little bit. Isn't that dumb? But it was like I knew her. Like she was my oldest, dearest friend. The kind of person you can tell anything to, no matter how bad, and they'll still love you, because they know you. I wanted to go with her. I wanted her to notice me. And then she stopped walking. Under the moon, she stopped. And looked at us. She looked at me. Maybe she was trying to tell me something; I don't know. She probably didn't even know I was there. But I'll always love her. All my life." - Neil Gaiman
"Everyone wants to ride with you in the limo, but what you want is someone who will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down." - Oprah Winfrey
"It's so curious: one can resist tears and 'behave' very well in the hardest hours of grief. But then someone makes you a friendly sign behind a window, or one notices that a flower that was in bud only yesterday has suddenly blossomed, or a letter slips from a drawer... and everything collapses. " - Colette
"I wish I had more friends, but people are such jerks. If you can just get most people to leave you alone, you're doing good. If you can find even one person you really like, you're lucky. And if that person can also stand you, you're really lucky." - Bill Watterson
"There's not a word yet, for old friends who've just met." - Jim Henson
"You can make more friends in two months by becoming interested in other people than you can in two years by trying to get other people interested in you." - Dale Carnegie
"What was there to be gained by fighting the most evil wizard who has ever existed?" said Black, with a terrible fury in his face. "Only innocent lives, Peter!"" - J.K. Rowling
"You must remember, family is often born of blood, but it doesn't depend on blood. Nor is it exclusive of friendship. Family members can be your best friends, you know. And best friends, whether or not they are related to you, can be your family." - Trenton Lee Stewart
"I enjoyed the meetings, too. It was like having friends." - J.K. Rowling
"A good friend keeps your secrets for you. A best friend helps you keep your own secrets." - Lauren Oliver 
"I don't care about whose DNA has recombined with whose. When everything goes to hell, the people who stand by you without flinching--they are your family." - Jim Butcher
"My heart is warm with the friends I make," - Edna St. Vincent Millay
"Friends are the family you choose (~ Nin/Ithilnin, Elven rogue)." - Jess C Scott
"We...we could be friends.'" - Neil Gaiman
"Our true friends are those who are with us when the good things happen. They cheer us on and are pleased by our triumphs. False friends only appear at difficult times, with their sad, supportive faces, when, in fact, our suffering is serving to console them for their miserable lives." - Paulo Coelho
"Like all of my friends, she's a lousy judge of character." - David Sedaris
"If you hang out with chickens, you're going to cluck and if you hang out with eagles, you're going to fly." - Steve Maraboli
"" - Dorothy Parker
"Close friends are truly life's treasures. Sometimes they know us better than we know ourselves. With gentle honesty, they are there to guide and support us, to share our laughter and our tears. Their presence reminds us that we are never really alone." - Vincent van Gogh
"A friend is one to whom one may pour out the contents of one's heart, chaff and grain together, knowing that gentle hands will take and sift it, keep what is worth keeping, and with a breath of kindness, blow the rest away." - Dinah Maria Craik
"It is easy enough to be friendly to one's friends. But to befriend the one who regards himself as your enemy is the quintessence of true religion. The other is mere business." - Mahatma Gandhi
"The only way to have a friend is to be one." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"How would your life be different if…You walked away from gossip and verbal defamation? Let today be the day…You speak only the good you know of other people and encourage others to do the same." - Steve Maraboli
"I don't suppose you have many friends. Neither do I. I don't trust people who say they have a lot of friends. It's a sure sign that they don't really know anyone." - Carlos Ruiz Zafón
"Friendship," said Christopher Robin, "is a very comforting thing to have." - A.A. Milne
"A friend is a person with whom I may be sincere. Before him I may think aloud. I am arrived at last in the presence of a man so real and equal, that I may drop even those undermost garments of dissimulation, courtesy, and second thought, which men never put off, and may deal with him with the simplicity and wholeness with which one chemical atom meets another." - Ralph Waldo Emerson 
"Watson. Come at once if convenient. If inconvenient, come all the same." - Arthur Conan Doyle
"No man can be called friendless who has God and the companionship of good books." - Elizabeth Barrett Browning
"A wise man gets more use from his enemies than a fool from his friends." - Baltasar Gracian
"Life is painful and messed up. It gets complicated at the worst of times, and sometimes you have no idea where to go or what to do. Lots of times people just let themselves get lost, dropping into a wide open, huge abyss. But that's why we have to keep trying. We have to push through all that hurts us, work past all our memories that are haunting us. Sometimes the things that hurt us are the things that make us strongest. A life without experience, in my opinion, is no life at all. And that's why I tell everyone that, even when it hurts, never stop yourself from living." - Alysha Speer
"When you loved someone and had to let them go, there will always be that small part of yourself that whispers, "What was it that you wanted and why didn't you fight for it?" - Shannon L. Alder
"This book taught me, once and for all, how easily you can escape this world with the help of words! You can find friends between the pages of a book, wonderful friends." - Cornelia Funke
"Never explain―your friends do not need it and your enemies will not believe you anyway." - Elbert Hubbard
"True friends are like diamonds – bright, beautiful, valuable, and always in style." - Nicole Richie
"Friends are God's way of apologizing for your family." - Dr. Wayne W. Dyer
"Things that matter are not easy. Feelings of happiness are easy. Happiness is not. Flirting is easy. Love is not. Saying you’re friends is easy. Being friends is not." - David Levithan
"I think it happens to everyone as they grow up. You find out who you are and what you want, and then you realize that people you've known forever don't see things the way you do. And so you keep the wonderful memories, but find yourself moving on." - Nicholas Sparks
"I want to be around people that do things. I don’t want to be around people anymore that judge or talk about what people do. I want to be around people that dream and support and do things." - Amy Poehler
"Don’t worry if people think you’re crazy. You are crazy. You have that kind of intoxicating insanity that lets other people dream outside of the lines and become who they’re destined to be." - Jennifer Elisabeth
"Unreal friendship may turn to real" - T.S. Eliot
"I get by with a little help from my friends." - John Lennon
"Be silent and safe — silence never betrays you;" - John Boyle O'Reilly
"The real loneliness is living among all these kind people who only ask one to pretend!" - Edith Wharton
"7 things negative people will do to you. They will..." - Israelmore Ayivor
"What do you most value in your friends?" - Christopher Hitchens
"Your Worst Enemy Could Be Your Best Friend && Your Best Friend Your Worst Enemy" - Bob Marley
"Friends are a strange, volatile, contradictory, yet sticky phenomenon. They are made, crafted, shaped, molded, created by focused effort and intent. And yet, true friendship, once recognized, in its essence is effortless." - Vera Nazarian
"Always sleep with one eye open. Never take anything for granted. Your best friends might just be your enemies." - Sara Shepard
"Two things you will never have to chase: True friends & true love." - Mandy Hale
"Real friends are the ones you can count on no matter what." - Morgan Matson
"Friends don’t spy; true friendship is about privacy, too." - Stephen King
"I wanted to talk to someone. But who? It’s moments like this, when you need someone the most, that your world seems smallest." - David Levithan
"Would you rather live one perfect day over and over or live your life with no perfect days but just decent ones?" - Jenny Han
"It is more shameful to distrust our friends than to be deceived by them." - Confucius
"An acquaintance merely enjoys your company, a fair-weather companion flatters when all is well, a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"Only my books anoint me," - Anne Sexton
"Ah, Harry, how often this happens, even between the best of friends! Each of us believes that what he has to say is much more important than anything the other might have to contribute!" - J.K. Rowling
"Our perfect companions never have fewer than four feet." - Colette
"For a friend with an understanding heart is worth no less than a brother" - Homer
"If you can sit in silence with a person for half an hour and yet be entirely comfortable, you and that person can be friends. If you cannot, friends you'll never be and you need not waste time in trying." - L.M. Montgomery
"Your truest friends are the ones who will stand by you in your darkest moments--because they're willing to brave the shadows with you--and in your greatest moments--because they're not afraid to let you shine." - Nicole Yatsonsky
"Crocodiles are easy. They try to kill and eat you. People are harder. Sometimes they pretend to be your friend first." - Steve Irwin
"You always feel like you are the only one in the world, like everyone else is crazy for each other, but it's not true. Generally, people don't like each other very much. And that goes for friends, too." - Miranda July
"When you are joyful, when you say yes to life and have fun and project positivity all around you, you become a sun in the center of every constellation, and people want to be near you." - Shannon L. Alder
"I want to be the best version of myself for anyone who is going to someday walk into my life and need someone to love them beyond reason." - Jennifer Elisabeth
"it is a sad truth in life that when someone has lost a loved one, friends sometimes avoid the person, just when the presence of friends is most needed." - Lemony Snicket
"A book lying idle on a shelf is wasted ammunition. Like money, books must be kept in constant circulation... A book is not only a friend, it makes friends for you. When you have possessed a book with mind and spirit, you are enriched. But when you pass it on you are enriched threefold." - Henry Miller
"I don't like to give up on people when they need someone not to give up on them." - Carroll Bryant
"A messy house is a must - it separates your true friends from other friends." - Jennifer Wilson
"Without friends, no one would want to live, even if he had all other goods." - Aristotle
"I might have known,” said Eeyore. “After all, one can’t complain. I have my friends. Somebody spoke to me only yesterday. And was it last week or the week before that Rabbit bumped into me and said ‘Bother!’. The Social Round. Always something going on." - A.A. Milne
"I hope we'll be friends forever, together we'll always be. I don't think you understand just how much you mean to me. And one day when we part our ways, we'll think back to the past and think about how happy we are 'cause our friendship will always last." - Bridget Davis
"Kenji snorts.“That’s because you’re not fragile,” Kenji says. “If anything, everyone needs to protect themselves from you. You’re like a freaking beast,” he says. Then adds, “I mean, you know—like, a cute beast. A little beast that tears shit up and breaks the earth and sucks the life out of people." - Tahereh Mafi
"If you surround yourself with the good and righteous, they can only raise you up. If you surround yourself with the others, they will drag you down into the doldrums of mediocrity, and they will keep you there, but only as long as you permit it." - Mark Glamack
"To be successful you need friends and to be very successful you need enemies." - Sidney Sheldon
"I despise the rituals of fake friendship. I wish we could just claw each other's eyes out and call it a day; instead we put on huge radiant smiles and spout compliments until our teeth hurt from the saccharine sweetness of it all." - Jody Gehrman
"Just because I've gone and snagged myself a hot boyfriend doesn't mean I'm going to leave my bestfriend high and dry." - Becca Fitzpatrick
"The bravest person I know is afraid of the dark. She sleeps with a night lamp always, but if her friends are threatened? She suddenly thinks she's a bear twelve feet tall and attacks whoever scared her friends." - Tamora Pierce
"Do not be deceived: bad company corrupts good morals." - Anonymous
"A doubtful friend is worse than a certain enemy. Let a man be one thing or the other, and we then know how to meet him." - Aesop
"He looked at his friend, perhaps for the last time, and said what he had always known, from the moment they’d met, when he’d understood that the prince was his brother in soul. “I love you." - Sarah J. Maas
"When Ronan thought of Gansey, he thought of moving into Monmouth Manufacturing, of nights spent in companionable insomnia, of a summer searching for a king, of Gansey asking the Gray Man for his life. Brothers." - Maggie Stiefvater
"I believe with all my heart that the cliches are true, that we are our own best friends and best company, and that if you're not right for yourself, it's impossible to be right for anyone." - Rachel Machacek
"I was the Duff. And that was a good thing. Because anyone who didn't feel like the Duff must not have friends. Every girl feels unattractive sometimes. Why had it taken me so long to figure that out? Why had I been stressing over that dumb word for so long when it was so simple? I should be proud to be the Duff. Proud to have great friends who, in their minds, were my Duffs." - Kody Keplinger
"We are your friends. It is the law of friendship that you tell us things you don’t want to tell us." - J. Lynn
"People who live in society have learnt how to see themselves, in mirrors, as they appear to their friends. I have no friends: is that why my flesh is so naked?" - Jean-Paul Sartre
"Sometimes since I've been in the garden I've looked up through the trees at the sky and I have had a strange feeling of being happy as if something was pushing and drawing in my chest and making me breathe fast. Magic is always pushing and drawing and making things out of nothing. Everything is made out of magic, leaves and trees, flowers and birds, badgers and foxes and squirrels and people. So it must be all around us. In this garden - in all the places." - Frances Hodgson Burnett
"It is absolutely okay with me if you need to keep some secrets. I've been thinking about this and I decided that a best friend is someone who, when they don't understand, they still understand." - Nancy Werlin
"You know a real friend?" - William S. Burroughs
"But Piglet is so small that he slips into a pocket, where it is very comfortable to feel him when you are not quite sure whether twice seven is twelve or twenty-two." - A.A. Milne
"I love everything that is old; old friends, old times, old manners, old books, old wines." - Oliver Goldsmith
"Friends ask you questions; enemies question you." - Criss Jami
"The more you talk about it, rehash it, rethink it, cross analyze it, debate it, respond to it, get paranoid about it, compete with it, complain about it, immortalize it, cry over it, kick it, defame it, stalk it, gossip about it, pray over it, put it down or dissect its motives it continues to rot in your brain. It is dead. It is over. It is gone. It is done. It is time to bury it because it is smelling up your life and no one wants to be near your rotted corpse of memories and decaying attitude. Be the funeral director of your life and bury that thing!" - Shannon L. Alder
"People will walk in and walk out of your life, but the one whose footstep made a long lasting impression is the one you should never allow to walk out." - Michael Bassey Johnson
"All my friends seem to be smart arses. Don't ask me why. Like many things, it is what it is." - Markus Zusak
"I need a new friend. I need a friend, period. Not a true friend, nothing close or share clothes or sleepover giggle giggle yak yak. Just a pseudo-friend, disposable friend. Friend as accessory. Just so I don't feel or look so stupid." - Laurie Halse Anderson
"Noble dragons don't have friends. The nearest they can get to the idea is an enemy who is still alive." - Terry Pratchett
"There it was, Eve supposed. There was the answer to why people got tangled up with people. Because when you were down, when you were wallowing, someone you mattered to would ask if you were okay." - J.D. Robb
"When you ask God for a gift," - Helen Steiner Rice
"They'll say you are bad" - David Rovics
"I never had any friends later on like the ones I had when I was 12 - Jesus, did you?" - Stephen King
"To exact revenge for yourself or your friends is not only a right, it's an absolute duty." - Stieg Larsson
"The most valuable gift you can receive is an honest friend." - Stephen Richards
"Fake friends are like shadows: always near you at your brightest moments, but nowhere to be seen at your darkest hour" - Habeeb Akande
"Often people that criticise your life are usually the same people that don't know the price you paid to get where you are today. True friends see the full picture of your soul." - Shannon Alder
"I met a boy whose eyes showed me that the past, present and future were all the same thing." - Jennifer Elisabeth
"If one's friends do not openly laugh at him, they are not in fact his friends. " - Dean Koontz
"A good friend who points out mistakes and imperfections and rebukes evil is to be respected as if he reveals the secret of some hidden treasure." - Dalai Lama XIV
"Misfortune shows those who are not really friends." - Aristotle
"The limited circle is pure." - Franz Kafka
"It may...be judged indecent in me to come forward on this occasion; but when I see a fellow-creature about to perish through the cowardice of her pretended friends, I wish to be allowed to speak, that I may say what I know of her character." - Mary Shelley
"You will evolve past certain people. Let yourself." - Mandy Hale
"Wherever I go, I'll always see you. You'll always be with me. And there's no happy ending coming here, no way a story that started on a night that's burned into my heart will end the way I wish it could. You're really gone, no last words, and no matter how many letters I write to you, you're never going to reply. You're never going to say good-bye. So I will. Good-bye, Julia. Thank you for being my friend. Thank you for being you." - Elizabeth Scott
"I give her the only honest and true answer I have." - Simone Elkeles
"I can be on guard against my enemies, but God deliver me from my friends!" - Charlotte Brontë
"لا تظن لحظة واحدة أن أصدقاءك سيتصلون بك تلفونياً كل مساء، كما يجب عليهم أن يفعلوا، لكي يعرفوا هل أن هذا المساء هو المساء الذي تقرر فيه أن تنتحر، أو هل أنت في حاجة إلى الرفقة، أو أنك لست في مزاج يتيح لك الخروج." - ألبير كامو
"I've decided that I'm not going to try to squeeze myself into a friendship that hurts me anymore. I'm going to let her go and just be friends with people who make me feel good about myself." - Zoe Sugg
"If you want to find out who your real friends are, sink the ship. The first ones to jump aren't your friends." - Marilyn Manson
"The ornament of a house is the friends who frequent it." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Jace broke off the kiss and stepped back with an exhale; before Clary could say anything, a chorus of sarcastic applause broke out from the nearby hill. Simon, Isabelle, and Alec waved at them. Jace bowed while Clary stepped back slightly sheepishly, hooking her thumbs into the belt of her jeans" - Cassandra Clare
"When twilight drops her curtain down And pins it with a star Remember that you have a friend Though she may wander far." - L.M. Montgomery
"A friend is someone whose face you can see in the dark." - Frances O'Roark Dowell
"The shifts of fortune test the reliability of friends." - Marcus Tullius Cicero
"If you go out looking for friends, you're going to find they are very scarce. If you go out to be a friend, you'll find them everywhere." - Zig Ziglar
"True best friends never fail on understanding, forgiving, and being there for one another no matter what situation that they might be in or having with one another because of the fact of that no matter if it’s two males or females love should always be there as if brothers or sisters if their what we call best friends." - Jonathan Anthony Burkett
"Friends... they cherish one another's hopes. They are kind to one another's dreams." - Henry David Thoreau 
"I awoke this morning with devout thanksgiving for my friends, the old and the new." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"I hate the way, once you start to know someone, care about them, their behavior can distress you, even when it's unreasonable and not your fault, even if you were really trying to be careful, tactful." - Tanith Lee
"If we would build on a sure foundation in friendship, we must love our friends for their sakes rather than for our own." - Charlotte Brontë
"God, how we get our fingers in each other's clay. That's friendship, each playing the potter to see what shapes we can make of each other." - Ray Bradbury
"With friends, if you keep making an effort to reach out and you keep getting hurt, you eventually stop trying. But it's much harder to give up on family. Somewhere deep down you want it to work so badly that you keep making the same mistake over and over again." - Tori Spelling
"We hang out, we help one another, we tell one another our worst fears and biggest secrets, and then just like real sisters, we listen and don't judge." - Adriana Trigiani
"Until every soul is freely permitted to investigate every book, and creed, and dogma for itself, the world cannot be free. Mankind will be enslaved until there is mental grandeur enough to allow each man to have his thought and say. This earth will be a paradise when men can, upon all these questions differ, and yet grasp each other's hands as friends. It is amazing to me that a difference of opinion upon subjects that we know nothing with certainty about, should make us hate, persecute, and despise each other. Why a difference of opinion upon predestination, or the trinity, should make people imprison and burn each other seems beyond the comprehension of man; and yet in all countries where Christians have existed, they have destroyed each other to the exact extent of their power. Why should a believer in God hate an atheist? Surely the atheist has not injured God, and surely he is human, capable of joy and pain, and entitled to all the rights of man. Would it not be far better to treat this atheist, at least, as well as he treats us?" - Robert G. Ingersoll
"What If Following Her Heart" - Richelle Mead
"I was surrounded by friends, my work was immense, and pleasures were abundant. Life, now, was unfolding before me, constantly and visibly, like the flowers of summer that drop fanlike petals on eternal soil. Overall, I was happiest to be alone; for it was then I was most aware of what I possessed. Free to look out over the rooftops of the city. Happy to be alone in the company of friends, the company of lovers and strangers. Everything, I decided, in this life, was pure pleasure." - Roman Payne
"When time passes, it's the people who knew you whom you want to see; they're the ones you can talk to. When enough time passes, what's it matter what they did to you?" - John Irving
"I have no talent for making new friends, but oh such genius for fidelity to old ones." - Daphne DuMaurier
"A woman or man of value doesn’t love you because of what he or she wants you to be or do for them. He or she loves you because your combined souls understand one another, complements each other, and make sense above any other person in this world. You each share a part of their soul's mirror and see each other’s light reflected in it clearly. You can easily speak from the heart and feel safe doing so. Both of you have been traveling a parallel road your entire life. Without each other's presence, you feel like an old friend or family member was lost. It bothers you, not because you have given it too much meaning, but because God did. This is the type of person you don't have to fight for because you can't get rid of them and your heart doesn't want them to leave anyways." - Shannon L. Alder
"Every gathering has its moment. As an adult, I distract myself by trying to identify it, dreading the inevitable downswing that is sure to follow. The guests will repeat themselves one too many times, or you'll run out of dope or liquor and realize that it was all you ever had in common." - David Sedaris
"Fake friends; those who only drill holes under your boat to get it leaking; those who discredit your ambitions and those who pretend they love you, but behind their backs they know they are in to destroy your legacies." - Israelmore Ayivor
"I want to learn how to speak to anyone at any time and make us both feel a little bit better, lighter, richer, with no commitments of ever meeting again. I want to learn how to stand wherever with whoever and still feel stable. I want to learn how to unlock the locks to our minds, my mind, so that when I hear opinions or views that don’t match up with mine, I can still listen and understand. I want to burn up lifeless habits of following maps and to-do lists, concentrated liquids to burn my mind and throat" - Charlotte Eriksson
"Eternity is a long time to spend alone, without others of your kind." - Cassandra Clare
"Such lonely, lost things you find on your way. It would be easier, if you were the only one lost. But lost children always find each other, in the dark, in the cold. It is as though they are magnetized and can only attract their like. How I would like to lead you to brave, stalwart friends who would protect you and play games with dice and teach you delightful songs that have no sad endings. If you would only leave cages locked and turn away from unloved Wyverns, you could stay Heartless." - Catherynne M. Valente
"There are two kinds of friendship: the beneficial friendship and the erroneous friendship. The erroneous friendship balances on the principle of "the closer we are, the more okay it is for me to say anything I want to you and for me to treat you any way that I want to, and for me to disrespect you and take advantage of you" while a true friendship is rooted in this principle: "the closer we are, the more respect I have for you, the better I will treat you, the higher I will regard you, the more good things I will wish for you." You will know someone is a true friend by basis of observing their actions towards you as the friendship grows deeper. A true friend will continue to hold you in higher and higher regard while the error of a friend will see your goodwill and newfound fondness as basis to do and say whatever he/she wants, that is disrespectful and non-beneficial to you." - C. JoyBell C.
"He made it very clear that he didn’t want me here,” she said at last. “That my remaining at the Institute is not the happy chance I thought it was. Not in his view." - Cassandra Clare
"They say that only very good friends quarrel. But at the end of the day a quarrel is a fight between two people’s egos. Since people cannot understand each other by just being honest. May be its impossible to live your whole life without getting hurt but don’t hurt the people close to you." - Ai Yazawa
"I'm your friend, and friends don't let friends die." - C.B. Cook
"Stop trying to be less of who you are. Let this time in your life cut you open and drain all of the things that are holding you back." - Jennifer Elisabeth
"Hey, and for what it's worth? Friends don't leave you alone in the woods. Friends are the ones who come and take you out." - Sarah Dessen
"This is what happens. You tell your friends your most personal secrets, and they use them against you." - Sophie Kinsella
"Even seasonal situations can bring with them lessons that last a lifetime. If the love doesn’t last, it prepares you for the one that will." - Mandy Hale
"I love the friends I have gathered together on this thin raft..." - Jim Morrison
"Men have no more time to understand anything. They buy ready-made things in the shops. But since there are no shops where you can buy friends, men no longer have any friends." - Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
"You can kiss your family and friends good-bye and put miles between you, but a the same time you carry them with you in your heart, your mind your stomach, because you do not just live in a world but a world lives in you." - Wm. Paul Young
"Cammie!" I'll never forget the tone of Macey's voice in that moment. "Cam," she said slowly, moving toward me, "I know how it feels to be watched every second of every day. I know what it's like to trust fewer and fewer people until it seems like you are completely alone in the world. I know you think the only things that are left in your life are the bad things. I know what you're feeling, Cam." Her hands were on my shoulders. Her blue eyes were staring into mine. "I know." - Ally Carter
"To live fully, we must learn to use things and love people, and not love things and use people." - John Powell
"When God takes out the trash, don't go digging back through it. Trust Him." - Amaka Imani Nkosazana
"My troubles are all over, and I am at home; and often before I am quite awake, I fancy I am still in the orchard at Birtwick, standing with my friends under the apple trees." - Anna Sewell
"my friends don't seem to be friends at all but people whose phone numbers I haven't lost." - Nick Hornby
"Sometimes your dearest friend whom you reveal most of your secrets to becomes so deadly and unfriendly without knowing that they were not really your friend." - Michael Bassey Johnson
"Have you ever felt really close to someone? So close that you can't understand why you and the other person have two separate bodies, two separate skins?" - Nancy Garden
"I take it we're friends now," Henry said." - Maggie Stiefvater
"Then, suddenly again, Christopher Robin, who was still looking at the world, with his chin in his hand, called out "Pooh!" "Yes?" said Pooh. "When I'm--when--Pooh!" "Yes, Christopher Robin?" "I'm not going to do Nothing any more." "Never again?" "Well, not so much. They don't let you." Pooh waited for him to go on, but he was silent again. "Yes, Christopher Robin?" said Pooh helpfully. "Pooh, when I'm--you know--when I'm not doing Nothing, will you come up here sometimes?" "Just me?" "Yes, Pooh." "Will you be here too?" "Yes Pooh, I will be really. I promise I will be Pooh." "That's good," said Pooh. "Pooh, promise you won't forget about me, ever. Not even when I'm a hundred." Pooh thought for a little. "How old shall I be then?" "Ninety-nine." Pooh nodded. "I promise," he said. Still with his eyes on the world Christopher Robin put out a hand and felt Pooh's paw. "Pooh," said Christopher Robin earnestly, "if I--if I'm not quite--" he stopped and tried again-- "Pooh, whatever happens, you will understand, won't you?" "Understand what?" "Oh, nothing." He laughed and jumped to his feet. "Come on!" "Where?" said Pooh. "Anywhere." said Christopher Robin." - A.A. Milne
"What if all everybody needed in the world was to be sure of one friend? What if you were the one, and you refused to say those simple words?" - Richard Russo
"Don't let the tall weeds cast a shadow on the beautiful flowers in your garden." - Steve Maraboli
"Sorry excuses for hunters and friends. Both of us." - Suzanne Collins
"I started to walk away, but she [Clarisse] called out, "Percy?"" - Rick Riordan
"When I pretended to be precocious, people started the rumor that I was precocious. When I acted like an idler, rumor had it I was an idler. When I pretended I couldn't write a novel, people said I couldn't write. When I acted like a liar, they called me a liar. When I acted like a rich man, they started the rumor I was rich. When I feigned indifference, they classed me as the indifferent type. But when I inadvertently groaned because I was really in pain, they started the rumor that I was faking suffering. The world is out of joint." - Osamu Dazai
"If you want to help her, you need to help yourself first. No one serves their friends by grinding themselves into dust on the altar of compassion." - Seanan McGuire
"I understand how difficult it is, putting your heart in someone else’s hands. But, if you don’t, how will you ever truly know a person?" - Renee Ahdieh
"No, Harry, you listen," said Hermione. "We're coming with you. That was decided months ago - years, really." - J.K. Rowling
"A friend may be nature's most magnificent creation." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"So as a seventh grader, no, you weren't friends with people you didn't like. But sometimes you also weren't friends with people you did like, which was complicated, and which didn't make any sense if you tried to explain it. Sometimes things just changed. That's where the sadness came in." - Lauren Myracle
"Even if we no longer have much in common, we would have always had the past, which, in some ways, is just as important as the present or future. It is where we come from, what makes us who we are." - Emily Giffin
"Sometimes, it's better to bunk a class and enjoy with friends, because now, when I look back, marks never make me laugh, but memories do." - A.P.J. Abdul Kalam
"Two people who are true friends are like two bodies with one soul" - Chaim Potok
"I survive at the edge of friends circles." - Holly Black
"Celebrate the people in your life who are there because they love you for no other reason than because you are YOU." - Mandy Hale
"No man ever got very high by pulling other people down. The intelligent merchant does not knock his competitors. The sensible worker does not work those who work with him. Don't knock your friends. Don't knock your enemies. Don't knock yourself." - Alfred Lord Tennyson
"I can do this… I can start over. I can save my own life and I’m never going to be alone as long as I have stars to wish on and people to still love." - Jennifer Elisabeth
"The only true currency in this bankrupt world are the moments you share with someone when you're uncool." - Cameron Crowe
"He thought about this for a second. "True. But if you never really make friends, you probably don't have anyone to be your 2 a.m. Which would kind of suck." - Sarah Dessen
"A friend is one of the nicest things you can have, and one of the best things you can be." - Douglas Pagels
"Always remember that you were once alone, and the crowd you see in your life today are just as unecessary as when you were alone." - Michael Bassey Johnson
"Wherever it is you may be, it is your friends who make your world." - Chris Bradford
"Never mind, said Hachiko each day. Here I wait, for my friend who’s late. I will stay, just to walk beside you for one more day." - Jess C. Scott
"Alanna: All I know is that I'm to jump when I'm told and I have no free time." - Tamora Pierce
"You don’t have any friends, your sister dumped you, you’re a freak eater..and you’ve got some weird thing about Simon Snow."" - Rainbow Rowell
"No person, trying to take responsibility for her or his identity, should have to be so alone. There must be those among whom we can sit down and weep, and still be counted as warriors." - Adrienne Rich
"If the portraits of our absent friends are pleasant to us, which renew our memory of them and relieve our regret for their absence by a false and empty consolation, how much more pleasant are letters which bring us the written characters of the absent friend." - Héloïse d'Argenteuil
"Every broken heart has screamed at one time or another: Why can't you see who I truly am?" - Shannon L. Alder
"One problem with being a leader, is that even among your friends you are alone, for it is you -- and you alone -- to whom the others look for final guidance." - Trenton Lee Stewart
"My books are friends that never fail me."" - Thomas Carlyle
"And Daniel?" She asked." - Lauren Kate
"When we think of friends, and call their faces out of the shadows, and their voices out of the echoes that faint along the corridors of memory, and do it without knowing why save that we love to do it, we content ourselves that that friendship is a Reality, and not a Fancy--that it is builded upon a rock, and not upon the sands that dissolve away with the ebbing tides and carry their monuments with them." - Mark Twain
"Friends don't menace friends with giant terrifying swords, okay?" - Sarah Rees Brennan
"Look around you at the people you spend the most time with and realize that your life can’t rise any higher than your friendships." - Mandy Hale
"Friends may come and go" - Jayne Ann Krentz
"Let this time in your life cut you open and drain all of the things that are holding you back. I’m going to help you forgive the things that you won’t let yourself forget." - Jennifer Elisabeth
"Not all friends know they have lost you." - Joyce Rachelle
"Ask anyone and they'll most likely say their family is crazy, and if they don't say their family is crazy, their friends are crazy. That's because everyone is crazy after taking the mask off. People are most themselves when not really trying to fit in, when either alone or around those already closest to them, and that is crazy." - Criss Jami
"Clary," he said. "You're Clary. You're my best friend." - Cassandra Clare
"Choose your friends and mates, not by the money in their bank account, creed, ethnicity, or color; instead, choose character, actions, heart, and soul. When we bleed, we bleed the same color." - Ana Monnar
"When a sinister person means to be your enemy, they always start by trying to become your friend" - William Blake
"She looked at him, his soft brown eyes and tall form, and contemplated raising herself on her toes and kissing his ear, or his cheek..." - Heather Dixon
"He shrugged. “I have a stomach thing. Don’t get close." - Michelle Hodkin
"Unfailing friends are essential, when ‘presence’ and ‘absence’ are wrangling in our daily living, and our presence is rampaged by murk and woe, while passion and lust for life are trampled. Reliable allies can shore us up and since we are our best ally, we first have got to make sure we get along well with ourselves. ("Being my best friend”)." - Erik Pevernagie
"You should be nicer to him,' a schoolmate had once said to me of some awfully ill-favored boy. 'He has no friends.' This, I realized with a pang of pity that I can still remember, was only true as long as everybody agreed to it." - Christopher Hitchens
"Somewhere between a friend and acquaintance—a frequaintance, as it were." - Rachel Cohn
"For somehow this is tyranny's disease, to trust no friends." - Aeschylus
"Perhaps he does not want to be friends with you until he knows what you are like. With owls, it is never easy-come-easy-go." - T.H. White
"In the first place it's not true that people improve as you know them better: they don't. That's why one should only have acquaintances and never make friends. An acquaintance shows you only the best of himself, he's considerate and polite, he conceals his defects behind a mask of social convention; but we grow so intimate with him that he throws the mask aside, get to know him so well that he doesn't trouble any longer to pretend; then you'll discover a being of such meanness, of such trivial nature, of such weakness, of such corruption, that you'd be aghast if you didn't realize that that was his nature and it was just as stupid to condemn him as to condemn the wolf because he ravens or the cobra because he strikes." - W. Somerset Maugham
"Sometmes when you pull knives on people, they get this impression that you're going to hurt them, and then they're completely terrified. Crazy, I know!"" - Sarah Rees Brennan
"Go oft to the house of thy friend, for weeds choke the unused path." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Books are like friends to me. Words come alive on the page." - Beverly Lewis The Betrayal
"Free your life from the fangs of gossips by not associating yourself with them. Anyone who helps you to gossip about someone can also help someone to gossip about you." - Israelmore Ayivor
"Enemies can't break your spirit, only friends can." - Arundhati Roy
"We always see the worst in our selves. Our most volnerable selves. We need someone to get close enough to tell us that we're wrong. Someone we trust." - Rachel Cohn
"Friends are like bras, attached near your heart for support. Foes are like panties, deported, every now and then, when they get dirty." - Santosh Kalwar
"In the city fields" - Issa
"I’m never sad when a friend goes far away, because whichever city or country that friend goes to, they turn the place friendly. They turn a suspicious-looking name on the map into a place where a welcome can be found. Maybe the friend will talk about you sometimes, to other friends that live around him, and then that’s almost as good as being there yourself. You’re in several places at once! In fact, my daughter, I would even go so far as to say that the further away your friends, and the more spread out they are the better your chances of going safely through the world…" - Helen Oyeyemi
"Who wants to be used? I love to read, so books are my main friends. They're always available, always friendly, and always interesting, and they never make me choose sides." - Lurlene McDaniel
"It is one of the major tragedies that nothing is more discomforting than the hearty affection of the Old Friends who never were friends." - Sinclair Lewis
"After an awkward pause, Bast extended his hand. Chronicler hesitated for a bare moment before reaching out quickly, as if he were sticking his hand into a fire." - Patrick Rothfuss
"You should write a book," Matrick suggested." - Nicholas Eames
"A doctor, a logician and a marine biologist had also just arrived, flown in at phenomenal expense from Maximegalon to try to reason with the lead singer who had locked himself in the bathroom with a bottle of pills and was refusing to come out till it could be proved conclusively to him that he wasn't a fish. The bass player was busy machine-gunning his bedroom and the drummer was nowhere on board." - Douglas Adams
"Those who think money can't buy happiness just don't know where to shop … People would be happier and healthier if they took more time off and spent it with their family and friends, yet America has long been heading in the opposite direction. People would be happier if they reduced their commuting time, even if it meant living in smaller houses, yet American trends are toward even larger houses and ever longer commutes. People would be happier and healthier if they took longer vacations even if that meant earning less, yet vacation times are shrinking in the United States, and in Europe as well. People would be happier, and in the long run and wealthier, if they bought basic functional appliances, automobiles, and wristwatches, and invested the money they saved for future consumption; yet, Americans and in particular spend almost everything they have – and sometimes more – on goods for present consumption, often paying a large premium for designer names and superfluous features." - Jonathan Haidt
"Family, friends and relationships are the blessings of the God. They are the best way to access God." - Amit Ray
"The only friends I have are the dead who have bequeathed their writings to me--I have no others." - Thomas Bernhard
"The only reward of virtue is virtue; the only way to have a friend is to be one." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"That's the problem with best friends. Sometimes they know you better than you know yourself." - Cecily von Ziegesar
"Friends become wiser together through a healthy clash of viewpoints." - Timothy Keller
"I sometimes think that 'friend' is just a word I use for all the people I haven't murdered yet." - Scott Lynch
"I'm not good at having friends. I mean, I can make myself useful to people. I can fit in. I get invited to parties and I can sit at any table I want in the cafeteria." - Holly Black
"Martin is your best friend, isn't he?' a sweet and well-intentioned girl once said when both of us were present: it was the only time I ever felt awkward about this precious idea, which seemed somehow to risk diminishment if it were uttered aloud." - Christopher Hitchens
"Stop entertaining two faced people. You know the ones who have split personalities and untrustworthy habits. Nine times out of ten if they telling you stuff about another person, they're going to tell your business to other people. If they say, "You know I heard........." More than likely it's in their character to share false information. Beware of your box, circle, square! Whatever you want to call it." - Amaka Imani Nkosazana
"It's shitty I guess. They're my friends. But... everything I want to talk about I can't say to them. It feels so separate, like I've touched something that's taken the color out of me." - Kendare Blake
"For so many years, I couldn’t understand why every time I thought that someone finally loved me, like… for real, they would eventually turn to vapor. Every person whom I’ve ever loved is trapped inside of my chest. I’ve breathed all of them in so deeply that I’ve nearly choked and died on every soul that I’ve ever given myself to." - Jennifer Elisabeth
"Prisons are full of sociopaths and psychopaths, but when questioned, the imprisoned sociopath will honestly admit that they will commit any number of crimes to help a friend." - Tanya Thompson
"But what Mom never told me is that along the way, you find sisters, and they find you. Girls are cool that way." - Adriana Trigiani
"There were rules among friends, commandments, really, and the most important one was Thou Shalt Not Lust After Thy Friend's Sister." - Julia Quinn
"Gracious acceptance is an art - an art which most never bother to cultivate. We think that we have to learn how to give, but we forget about accepting things, which can be much harder than giving.... Accepting another person's gift is allowing him to express his feelings for you." - Alexander McCall Smith
"Friends always forget those whom fortune forsakes." - Charlotte Brontë
"Parting with friends is a sadness. A place is only a place." - Frank Herbert
"If you're fighting moodiness and depression you don't want to hang around a bunch of other moody and depressed people." - Joyce Meyer
"Yet Byron never made tea as you do, who fill the pot so that when you put the lid on the tea spills over. There is a brown pool on the table--it is running among your books and papers. Now you mop it up, clumsily, with your pocket-hankerchief. You then stuff your hankerchief back into your pocket--that is not Byron; that is so essentially you that if I think of you in twenty years' time, when we are both famous, gouty and intolerable, it will be by that scene: and if you are dead, I shall weep." - Virginia Woolf
"I got bored," he says. "Besides, you know what's creepier than walking around your dead brothers' apartment? Sitting alone in a hearse in front of his apartment." - Holly Black
"I don't believe for a minute-that we wouldn't have become friends somehow-that an unexploded bomb wouldn't have gone off and blown us both into the same crater, or that God himself wouldn't have come along and knocked our heads together in a flash of green sunlight. But it wouldn't have been" - Elizabeth Wein
"All of my best friends are dead people. Someday I've got to figure out how that happened." - Claudia Gray
"You can always tell a real friend: when you've made a fool of yourself he doesn't feel you've done a permanent job." - Laurence J. Peter
"And since I’m marrying into the Quartet, I have certain privileges and duties. If you’re sleeping with Laurel—" - Nora Roberts
"I smile. I smile all the time, but you're just not around to see it these days"." - Sarra Manning
"As you go through life's rich tapestry, you realize that most people you meet aren't fit to shine your shoes. It's a sad fact, but it's true. A good friend is someone who'd hide you if you were on the run for murder. How many of them do you know?" - Lemmy Kilmister
"It is so easy at times for a lonely individual to begin fantasizing about what the people outside are saying about him and, in result, irrationally and fearfully, and sometimes angrily, fancy himself a villain." - Criss Jami
"It is not until you rhyme with a person that makes you their perfect match, it is when you are satisfied with each others peculiarities, and find jewels in their loopholes." - Michael Bassey Johnson
"My father always used" - Lee Iacocca
"My friend, I am not what I seem. Seeming is but a garment I wear-a care-woven garment that protects me from thy questionings and thee from my negligence." - Kahlil Gibran
"With time to think, the full reality of what had happened hit Thomas like a falling boulder. Ever since Thomas had entered the Maze, Newt had been there for him. Thomas hadn’t realized just how much of a friend he’d become until now. His heart hurt." - James Dashner
"As I have learned over the years, your friends don’t change; you just learn to ignore or embrace the bad bits." - Carrie Adams
"PARENTS. WE WOULD BE BETTER OFF ON OUR OWN. Except for, you know, food." - Sofia
"One of life's challenging realizations is that sometimes you outgrow your friends." - Steve Maraboli
"I never said it was easy to find your place in this world, but I’m coming to the conclusion that if you seek to please others, you will forever be changing because you will never be yourself, only fragments of someone you could be. You need to belong to yourself, and let others belong to themselves too. You need to be free and detached from things and your surroundings. You need to build your home in your own simple existence, not in friends, lovers, your career or material belongings, because these are things you will lose one day. That’s the natural order of this world. This is called the practice of detachment." - Charlotte Eriksson
"I cannot encourage any fabrication even for the sake of making people feel good. If I were to fabricate consciously and knowingly, I would not only be ordaining myself their enemy, but also ordaining myself God's enemy." - Criss Jami
"You pass people on the street, some are for you, some are not." - Robert Henri
"How can I ever make you understand Cassie and me? I would have to take you there, walk you down every path of our secret shared geography. The truism says it’s against all odds for a straight man and woman to be real friends, platonic friends; we rolled thirteen, threw down five aces and ran away giggling. She was the summertime cousin out of storybooks, the one you taught to swim at some midge-humming lake and pestered with tadpoles down her swimsuit, with whom you practiced first kisses on a heather hillside and laughed about it years later over a clandestine joint in your granny’s cluttered attic. She painted my fingernails gold and dared me to leave them that way for work…We climbed out her window and down the fire escape and lay on the roof of the extension below, drinking improvised cocktails and singing Tom Waits and watching the stars spin dizzily around us." - Tana French
"Some people will insult your intelligence by suddenly being nice or nicer to you once you make it … or they think you have." - Mokokoma Mokhonoana
"I think they ought to know. You do them a disservice by not confiding something this important to them." - J.K. Rowling
"Because I know you, Percy Jackson. In many ways, you are impulsive, but when it comes to your friends, you are as constant as a compass needle. You are unswervingly loyal, and you inspire loyalty. You are the glue that will unite the seven." - Rick Riordan
"It's my job as best friend to make sure he's not a serial killer. Or an English major, not sure which one's worse." - Shelly Crane
"Jane's stories are too sensible. Then Diana puts too much murders into hers. She says most of the time she doesn't know what to do with the people so she kills them off to get rid of them."" - L.M. Montgomery
"Even though friends say they are interested in your life, they never really want to talk about you as much as you want them to. (68)" - Charise Mericle Harper
"And things were back to normal except we were just friends." - Stephen Chbosky
"There was a smile dancing on his lips, although it was a wary smile, for the world is a bigger place than a little graveyard on a hill; and there would be dangers in it and mysteries, new friends to make, old friends to rediscover, mistakes to be made and many paths to be walked before he would, finally, return to the graveyard or ride with the Lady on the broad back of her great grey stallion." - Neil Gaiman
"And when all your faith is gone let it be me, if it's a friend you need let it be me" - Ray Lamontagne
"We didn’t want to admit it then, but we were friends. Best friends." - Shannon Celebi
"Sometimes" - Alison G. Bailey
"Are we friends? or are we foes? ... That kind of thing... You decide... For yourselves!!!" - Eiichiro Oda
"Friends are a weird thing. It seems like they know all about you, but then they don’t understand you at all." - Natsuo Kirino
"Sometimes the simplest solution out of conflict is becoming someone’s friend, instead of saying goodbye forever." - Shannon L. Alder
"I was with a friend of mine recently who was dying and while he was lying there with his family around his bed, I just knew that was it, that was the best you can hope for in life - to have your family and the people who love you around you at the end." - Ewan McGregor
"Only people who're positive enough to have friends have enemies. When you're as glum and morose as he was, people just give up and go away." - Ellis Peters
"There should be a little gap between you and your friends, though you'll miss their companionship and you'll also miss their disrespect." - Michael Bassey Johnson
"A genuine enemy is more useful than a fake friend." - Mokokoma Mokhonoana
"THE UNFORGIVEN" - Suzy Kassem
"A life without friends is like a sky without stars." - Kevin Ansbro
"When we make friends then we change from being animals to being human." - Stephen Richards
"So odd a pair, she and he. A duet in code and electron. Age and youth and cynicism and hope." - Jay Kristoff
"Under every friendship there is a difficult sentence that must be said, in order that the friendship can be survived." - Zadie Smith
"I love my friends" - Rumi
"Without a best friend to tell stories to, it almost didn't matter if they even happened." - Leila Howland
"I cannot stress enough the perils of your friends marrying or becoming court inventors. One day you are all a society of outlaws, adventurous comrades and companions who will be pushing off somewhere or other when things become tiresome; you have all the world to choose from, just by looking at the map… And then, suddenly, they’re not interested any more. They want to keep warm. They’re afraid of rain. They start collecting big things that can’t fit in a rucksack. They talk only of small things. They don’t like to make sudden decisions and do something contrariwise. Formerly they hoisted sail; now they carpenter little shelves for porcelain mugs." - Tove Jansson
"You can't fight hatred with hatred and expect anyone to listen to you. You can only try to lessen it with humor, wit, truth and commonsense. If that doesn't work run like hell, while they throw rocks at you." - Shannon L. Alder
"I hate it when people talk like friendship is less than other kinds of - as though it's some kind of runner-up prize for people who can't have sex." - R.J. Anderson
"A most deplorable sight," she said, folding her arms across her chest. "Someone who has lost everything. You know, minstrel, it is interesting. Once, I thought it was impossible to lose everything, that something always remains. Always. Even in times of contempt, when naivety is capable of backfiring in the cruellest way, one cannot lose everything. But he... he lost several pints of blood, the ability to walk properly, partial use of his left hand, his witcher's sword, the woman he loves, the daughter he had gained by a miracle, his faith... Well, I thought, he must have been left with something. But I was wrong. He has nothing now. Not even a razor."" - Andrzej Sapkowski
"Don't show a friend your gift, or your bag of money if you still want to maintain your relationship, but if nay, go on, and all you'll see is hate and jealousy, and you'll fight with him in the street like a dog and all you'll feel is regret." - Michael Bassey Johnson
"Sometimes there are stormy moments in your life when your friends do more than just walk with you; they become angels that carry you and protect you with their wings." - Steve Maraboli
"My Heart is Bounding! I can fly anywhere as long as I'm with the Nakama I Love!!!"" - Hiro Mashima
"As a matter of fact, we are none of us above criticism; so let us bear with each other's faults." - L. Frank Baum
"I would rather have 1 amazing best friend than 100 decent regular friends. It's not about quantity, it's about quality." - Connor Franta
"Hold on little girl" - Mr. Big
"I am a free soul, singing my heart out by myself no matter where I go and I call strangers my friends because I learn things and find ways to fit them into my own world. I hear what people say, rearrange it, take away and tear apart until it finds value in my reality and there I make it work. I find spaces in between the cracks and cuts where it feels empty" - Charlotte Eriksson
"Friends tell each other what nobody else is willing to tell you." - Nikki Sixx
"Avoid those who seek friends in order to maintain a certain social status or to open doors they would not otherwise be able to approach." - Paulo Coelho
"Part of me wanted this more than anything else in the world—to have someone to hang out with, be like everyone else for a while. The rest of me screamed to get the hell out of there, not to get sucked in." - Rachel Ward
"being in a bad mood with your friends beats being in a bad mood without them." - John Green
"Blessed are they who have the gift of making friends,for it is one of God's best gifts." - Thomas Hughes
"It is as easy to find a lover as to keep a friend, but as hard to find a friend as to keep a lover." - Emma Frances Dawson
"What are friends for, if not to help bear our sins?" - Nella Larsen
"A person walks into a room and says hello, and your life takes a course for which you are not prepared. It's a tiny moment (almost-but not quite-unremarkable), the beginning of a hundred thousand tiny moments and some larger ones." - Anita Shreve
"The sacred sense of beyond, of timelessness, of a world which had an eternal value and the substance of which was divine had been given back to me today by this friend of mine who taught me dancing." - Hermann Hesse
"A true man loves his enemies as much he loves his friends." - Santosh Kalwar
"The older you get, the more you realize you need a handful of good, close, tight friends." - Nicole Richie
"That wasn't Josh Hartnett; that kid was eighteen years old," Kate said." - Julie James
"Patience, friend. They're coming for you." - Marissa Meyer
"In poverty and other misfortunes of life, true friends are a sure refuge. The young they keep out of mischief; to the old they are a comfort and aid in their weakness, and those in the prime of life they incite to noble deeds." - Aristotle
"How could you carry the inside of a person with you and not call them a friend, no matter what the rules said?" - Barbara Samuel
"Very well."" - Sarah J. Maas
"And everybody should have at least one person in his or her life who doesn't want a damned thing from them except a bit of friendly company" - Ed Howdershelt
"It is so simple, yet so hard for some people to do. If you want someone out of your life then you and only “you” must tell him or her to leave. This can only be done by you. Otherwise, your silence shouts, “I am undecided.” When other people get involved it sends mixed signals. If only more people would be so bold, hearts would not linger so long." - Shannon L. Alder
"A true friend finds a way to celebrate—even in the worst moments of life—and forces it upon you." - Rionna Morgan
"I went to him in the doorway and embraced him tightly." - Claudia Gray
"...in addition to feeling sick and tired and feverish and nauseated, I also felt forgotten. And there was no easy cure for that." - Sarah Thebarge
"A man's growth is seen in the successive choirs of his friends." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Here's to our enduring sisterhood. May it bind us together more tightly that the Lycra in my Spanx underpants." - Susan McBride
"I cared about them. I wanted them to feel better, to live better lives. And then it occurred to me - I cared about myself. I wanted me to live a better life, too Caring about myself was allowing me to care about others." - Cate Tiernan
"You know you made it, when your friends tell their friends that you are their friend." - Mokokoma Mokhonoana
"The day I found my smile again was when I stood in my own storm and danced with my tribe." - Shannon L. Alder
"You never walk alone. Even the devil is the lord of flies." - Gilles Deleuze
"Friends never turn as enemies. If they did, they were never your friends at all." - Hark Herald Sarmiento
"It is a good man who stands up for his friends, but an honorable man who stands up for his enemies." - Violet Haberdasher
"I do not concern myself with my inability to feel such comfort amidst humans (other than with very few friends and family), but, rather, am simply thankful that at least dogs exist, and I’m humbly aware of how much less a person I’d be – how less a human – if they did not exist. " - Rick Bass
"By the way, Doctor, I shall want your cooperation.'" - Arthur Conan Doyle
"الصديقان النموذجيان كما زوج من القنافذ,يتعاطفان,و يتعاونان و يتلازمان,و لكن لا يذوبان فى يعضهما لأن كل واحد له درقة من الأشواك تحميه من أن يقتحم عليه الاّخر خصوصيته و سريته و ينتهك وحدانية نفسه و قدسية استقلاله." - مصطفى محمود
"I heard that when white folks go fishin they do somethin called 'catch and release.'" - Ron Hall
"Maybe, if you can't get someone out of your head they were never meant to leave. Perhaps, they were meant to help change you into the person you have been waiting to become." - shannon l. alder
"From quiet homes and first beginning," - Hilaire Belloc - Verses 10 "Dedicatory Ode"
"You can make more friends in two months by being interested in other people than in two years of trying to get people interested in you." - Dale Carnegie
"How do I look?" he asked." - Nicholas Eames
"The first time I read an excellent book, it is to me just as if I had gained a new friend. When I read a book over I have perused before, it resembles the meeting with an old one." - Oliver Goldsmith
"Sadly for my wedding plans, I learned that Nestor is a bardash. I envy the men who enjoy his favors. He has always treated me with friendship which I now value more than my old romantic feelings." - Tamora Pierce
"These people you used to see every day, friends or acquaintances, after a while they become as distant as any stranger, people you suddenly recall late at night--you remember something they said or something silly that someone once did. For a few moments they completely occupy your mind; then you forget them again." - Stephen Dobyns
"He had once thought it was strange to have a friend you'd never met. Now it was even stranger, losing a friend you'd never really had" - Tad Williams
"I appreciate the scientific rigor with which you’ve approached this project, Anna,” said Christopher, who had gotten jam on his sleeve. “Though I don’t think I could manage to collect that many names and also pursue science. Much too time-consuming." - Cassandra Clare
"Friendship is something that gets harder to understand, every damn year of my life.Friendship is like a kind of algebra test that nobody passes. In my worst moods, I think the best you can say is that a friend is anyone you don't despise." - Gregory David Roberts
"Everyone is “extremely nice”—and yet I feel entirely alone. (“Abandonitis”)." - Roland Barthes
"Friends come in and out of our lives, like busboys in a restaurant." - Stephen King
"Very few people have that effect. Very few people are tequila and champagne at the same time." - Fredrik Backman
"Did you know that wherever you find fool's gold, real gold exists somewhere nearby? This also goes for relationships and friendships. Real gold is found in the heart. For every piece of fake gold that you discard, remember that true gold isn't too far." - Suzy Kassem
"How superfluous other people can seem when you are convinced you already have the only ones you need." - Cristina Moracho
"We can help pave the roads of those around us, but we can't choose their direction." - Michelle Moran
"As day is to a sword, night is to a shield." - Anthony Liccione
"What's the point of opening yourself up to your friends if they don't notice your vulnerable state? The point of it all is to love friends completely and utterly, at their best and worst, and to love more than just the good things." - Arka Pain
"Nix still held Benny's hand, and her grip tightened to an almost crushing force, grinding his hand bones together. It hurt, but Benny would rather have cut that hand off than take it back at that moment. If it would help Nix through this, he'd give her a pair of pliers and a vise so she could do a proper job." - Jonathan Maberry
"My dad once said... "Some friends are like "rubber wrappers"; they bind with you safely but get weaker when you stretch them too much". Treat your friends with care, else the elasticity of their love for you may not go lasting!" - Israelmore Ayivor
"But even if every house looked identical-if all the furnishings were the same- it still wouldn't feel like yours." - Jodi Picoult
"We had the kind of conversations that only great friends can ever share. They were touched with magic." - Tahir Shah
"here's the thing about friends, I mean REAL friends: You can't just put up a poster at school and advertise for somebody and then hope you find the perfect one. It might work, I guess, but you'd look so pathetic and desperate that no one would want to be your friend, and so it would be kind of pointless" - Laura Preble
"I no longer have the energy for meaningless friendships, forced interactions or unnecessary conversations. If we don’t vibrate on the same frequency there’s just no reason for us to waste our time. I’d rather have no one and wait for substance than to not feel someone and fake the funk." - Joquesse Eugenia
"Gratitude means to recognize the good in your life, be thankful for whatever you have, some people may not even have one of those things you consider precious to you (love, family, friends etc). Each day give thanks for the gift of life.You are blessed" - Pablo
"I look out into the water and up deep into the stars. I beg the sparkling lanterns of light to cure me of myself — my past and the kaleidoscope of mistakes, failures and wrong turns that have stacked unbearable regret upon my shoulders." - Jennifer Elisabeth
"Each time a person passes by you and you say 'hello', imagine that person turning into a candle. The more positivity, love and light you reflect, the more light is mirrored your way. Sharing beautiful hellos is the quickest way to earn spiritual brownie points. You should start seeing hellos as small declarations of faith. Every time you say hello to a stranger, your heart acknowledges over and over again that we are all family." - Suzy Kassem
"Does our purpose on Earth directly link to the people whom we end up meeting? Are our relationships and experiences actually the required dots that connect and then lead us to our ultimate destinies?" - Jennifer Elisabeth
"The greatest win is walking away and choosing not to engage in drama and toxic energy at all." - Lalah Delia
"I'm not sure whether you're confident or delusional, but thanks anyway." - Rachel Hawkins
"If one is not to get into a rage sometimes, what is the good of being friends?" - George Eliot
"And thus we all are nighing" - Edwin Arlington Robinson
"It took him a while to figure out that gaining an audience was not the same thing as gaining friends." - Julia Scheeres
"Friends might lose touch but never lose feelings" - Josh Stern
"You know me, I think there ought to be a big old tree right there. And let's give him a friend. Everybody needs a friend." - Bob Ross
"Even friends need private spaces, if only within the depths of their own souls, where no one else is allowed to intrude." - Mary Balogh
"Normally we divide the external world into that which we consider to be good or valuable, bad or worthless, or neither. Most of the time these discriminations are incorrect or have little meaning. For example, our habitual way of categorizing people as friends, enemies, and strangers depending on how they make us feel is both incorrect and a great obstacle to developing impartial love for all living beings. Rather than holding so tightly to our discriminations of the external world, it would be much more beneficial if we learned to discriminate between valuable and worthless states of mind." - Geshe Kelsang Gyatso
"I enjoy sharing my books as I do my friends, asking only that you treat them well and see them safely home." - Ernest Morgan
"Nodding, Parker ate. “He’s an exceptional kisser." - Nora Roberts
"He didn't think he belonged here, so she was making him face some uncomfortable facts. People adapt. People change. You can grow where you're planted." - Sarah Addison Allen
"If you were lucky, very lucky indeed, there were one or two people in your life who you could tell the unvarnished truth too, shell and egg. And that these people held the essence of you inside them. The rest would be conversations that ended when night fell, or the dinner part ended." - Julia Gregson
"A relationship that is truly genuine does not keep changing its colors. Real gold never rusts. If a relationship is really solid and golden, it will be unbreakable. Not even Time can destroy its shine." - Suzy Kassem
"You need a place just a click over middle range. Don’t want to go all-out first time, but you don’t want to run on the cheap either. You want atmosphere, but not stuffy. A nice established place." - Nora Roberts
"‎Truly great friends are hard to find, difficult to leave, and impossible to forget." - G. Randolf
"No company is preferable to bad. We are more apt to catch the vices of others than virtues, as disease is far more contagious than health." - Charles Caleb Colton
"The cult of friendship disturbs me. It's like our quality is supposed to be measured by the number of friends we have. For me, it's quite the inverse. When somebody says "I'm friends with everyone" I just assume they have the spine of your average jellyfish and the integrity of your average soap dish." - Stefan Molyneux
"Always surround yourself with friends that have plenty of light in them. That way, you will always have candles around you when days are dark." - Suzy Kassem
"Take a moment think who would actually miss you if you deactivate all your social networking accounts, whatsapp, BBM etc" - Anamika Mishra
"Fai: *punches Kurogane* That was payback, Kuro-sama!" - Clamp
"Friends disappear" - Anne Carson
"In the consciousness that another mind reflects your thought, you find the keenest satisfaction. Here is the high office of a friend, and in these high experiences is the point of attachment.-- " - Samuel McChord Crothers
"They don't sell friends in stores...." - Whitney Gracia Williams
"Best friends one, and now we have almost nothing to say to each other. It was interesting, how he had joined those guys and I just stayed on my own. I didn't like it or dislike it. It was just funny that things had turned out that way." - Markus Zusak
"Never annoy an inspirational author or you will become the poison in her pen and the villian in every one of her books." - Shannon L. Alder
"I fantasize the night sky to be like a cosmic blue print of my life as I close my eyes and unbutton my heart…. just in case anyone up there is listening." - Jennifer Elisabeth
"Crocodiles are easy,' Steve said. 'They try to kill and eat you. People are harder. Sometimes they pretend to be your friend first." - Terri Irwin
"Something, somewhere, knows what’s best for me and promises to keep sending me people and experiences to light my way as long as I live in gratitude and keep paying attention to the signs." - Jennifer Elisabeth
"Life is like a train ride." - John A. Passaro
"The soul grows into lovely habits as easily as into ugly ones, and the moment a life begins to blossom into beautiful words and deeds, that moment a new standard of conduct is established, and your eager neighbors look to you for a continuous manifestation of the good cheer, the sympathy, the ready wit, the comradeship, or the inspiration, you once showed yourself capable of. Bear figs for a season or two, and the world outside the orchard is very unwilling you should bear thistles." - Kate Douglas Wiggin
"I’ve grown up defined by this desperate, undeniable, ‘can’t breathe’ kind of space inside of myself and I’m afraid that the diagnosis is fatal." - Jennifer Elisabeth
"Which would you choose if you could:" - Sophocles
"You don't know me, dude," he says, not smiling this time. Gonzo examines his cards, prepping for his next move. "People always think that they know other people, but they don't. Not really. I mean, maybe they know things about them, like they won't eat doughnuts or they like action movies or whatever. But they don't know what their friends do in their rooms alone at night or what happened to them when they were kids or if they feel ****ed up for no reason at all." - Libba Bray
"Friends come into our lives and friends leave our lives. But friends never leave our hearts. And best friends always get to stay in the best places in our hearts." - John M. Simmons
"I think of how people can betray me simply by not caring enough to hide the fact of how little they care.I think of how the person who needs the other person the least in a relationship is the stronger member." - Douglas Coupland
"Christianity nowadays is like a big household where many cousins live under the same roof. They all belong to the same clan, but at times they have very different ideas about how to run their family affairs." - Maria Augusta Trapp
"If people think nature is their friend then they sure don't need an enemy." - Kurt Vonnegut
"You had me at Hello" - Michael Tianias
"The enemy stays in the hearts of friends. Watch what your friends know about you and watch what you tell your friends, remember, egoism breeds jealousy and ends a relationship in discord." - Michael Bassey Johnson
"Why are you crying?" shivered the otter. "Because I am cold!" shouted the gnome. "Then why are you shouting?" chattered the otter. "Because," yelled the gnome, "when I shout it gets part of the cold from the inside out." - Stephen Cosgrove
"My house feels like home when you're there." - Susan Richards Shreve
"Some of the most thrilling things in life are done on impulse." - Syrie James
"Sometimes friendship is the motherfucking prizes, so be grateful I let you in at all." - Amanda Lovelace
"Maybe I'm just sick of putting more into this friendship than I get out of it." - Daniel Clowes
"In what concerns you much, do not think that you have companions: know that you are alone in the world. " - Henry David Thoreau
"You know Balbec so well - do you have friends in the area?'" - Marcel Proust
"Remember to say "I love you" to family and friends not just your significant other." - Vianka Van Bokkem
"I told Mama and Savannah about Ruben's proposal. That got us to talking about marriage and we laughed and cried some, and missed Papa, and it felt good to belong to each other. I don't feel as lonely today as I have in months. At least I know there are other women around me. " - Nancy E. Turner
"A friend cannot be owned" - Stephen Cosgrove
"You are afraid, afraid of your dreams, your dreams which were once your friends, your best friends, are now your enemies, your worst enemies." - David Peace
"But Lunch Isn't That Bad, Really" - Sonya Sones
"Archie says books are our best lovers and our most provoking friends." - Stephanie Butland
"He was still experimenting with kissing girls even though he said he'd rather be kissing boys. That's exactly what he said. I didn't know exactly what to think about that, but Dante was going to be Dante and it I was going to be his friend, I would just have to learn to be okay with it." - Benjamin Alire Sáenz
"Dante.Oh,Dante.Seal me!Seal me so hard!”.He grabs my hips and" - Victoria Scott
"They want us to be afraid." - Kamand Kojouri
"Friendship gives us the strength to turn from lambs into lions." - Stephen Richards
"They do not love, that do not show their love." - William Shakespeare
"Slowly we became silent, and silence itself if an enemy to friendship." - Norman Maclean
"When you're alone is when you can count your friends." - Stephen Richards
"True friendship never questions what it costs you." - Stephen Richards
"Friends are the most important part of your life. Treasure the tears, treasure the laughter, but most importantly, treasure the memories." - Dave Brenner
"I think deeply about things and want others to do likewise. I work for ideas and learn from people. I don’t like excluding people. I’m a perfectionist, but I won’t let that get in the way of publication. Except for education and entertainment, I’m not going to waste my time on things that won’t have an impact. I try to be friends with everyone, but I hate it when you don’t take me seriously. I don’t hold grudges, it’s not productive, but I learn from my experience. I want to make the world a better place." - Aaron Swartz
"Sometimes duplicity and treason are markers of the enemy, and sometimes, the failed intention of a masterful ally. But, nevertheless, as they burden you with a vexing brand of love, they become nothing more than the kiss of Judas, pressing a crown of thorns into your flesh." - Addison Moore
"You're very lucky... Friends are precious, powerful things - hard to earn, harder still to keep. You should thank this one for taking a chance on you." - N.K. Jemisin
"Work freely and rollickingly as though you were talking to a friend who loves you. Mentally (at least three or four times a day) thumb your nose at all know-it-alls, jeerers, critics, doubters." - Brenda Ueland
"Watch over Honoria, will you? See that she doesn’t marry an idiot." - Julia Quinn
"Josh will begin disappearing into a future where the only place he and I remain friends is on the Internet." - Jay Asher
"Friendship is a strange animal. It only thrives in voluntary enjoyment of each other's company, in the pleasure of nonobligatory connection. I repeat: You owe me nothing." - Kate Christensen
"Real relationships are the product of time spent, which is why so many of us have so few of them." - Craig D. Lounsbrough
"When I say 'friends,' I use that term loosely, as I don't actually have any." - Stephan Pastis
"Floating there I held onto faith. Because you can't know who might cross your path or who will take your breath away. You can't know what friends might actually become sisters because they stayed by your side. You can't know when there'll be an unexpected detour that'll take you to the place where you were always meant to be." - Holly C. Corbett
"Are you Stupid?"" - Peach-Pit
"When I was little, my dad used to tell me, "Will, you can pick your friends, and you can pick your nose, but you can't pick your friends nose." - John Green
"Some people you can't be friends with, not when you've been something more. " - Graham McNamee
"Sometimes your friends are your lovers, or have been at one time." - Stephanie Seymour
"Always there whom we believe shouldn't be and never are there whom we believe should be." - Miguel Ángel Sáez Gutiérrez «Marino»
"Under a tyranny, most friends are a liability. One quarter of them turn “reasonable” and become your enemies, one quarter are afraid to stop and speak, and one quarter are killed and you die with them. But the blessed final quarter keep you alive." - Sinclair Lewis
"May peace rule the universe; may peace rule in kingdoms and empires; may peace rule in states and in the lands of the potentates; may peace rule in the house of friends and may peace also rule in the house of enemies." - Virchand Raghavji Gandhi
"When spiritual friends share their stories, the others listen without working. They rest. There’s nothing to fix, nothing to improve. A spiritual community feels undisturbed quiet as they listen, certainly burdened . . . but still resting in the knowledge that the life within, the passion for holiness, is indestructible. It needs only to be nourished and released." - Larry Crabb
"Sometimes I lie in bed trying to decide which of my friends I truly care about, and I always come to the same conclusion: none of them." - Miranda July
"In contravention of my belief that any life ending in death is essentially pointless, I needed my friends to open up that plastic bag and take one last look at me. Someone had to remember me, if only for a few more minutes in the vast silent waiting room of time." - Gary Shteyngart
"He opened his mouth, but stopped as he beheld her smile. Though she had no regrets about her choice, she felt something strangely like disappointment when he said, "As you wish." - Sarah J. Maas
"True friendship is as rare as twin lotuses on a single stalk." - Lauren Bjorkman
"We undress ourselves in many ways when we become close friends" - Andrews
"I’ve always seen this in you, ever since you were a little girl — this hunger to love other people into their highest selves and it’s what has made me irreversibly and just so forever in love with you." - Jennifer Elisabeth
"The first time she carved something into her skin, she used the sharp tip of an X-Acto knife. She lifted up her shirt to show me after the cuts had scabbed over. She had scrawled F*** YOU on her stomach. I stood quiet for a moment, feeling the breath get knocked out of me. I should have grabbed her arm and taken her straight to the nurse's office, into that small room with two cots covered in paper sheets and the sweet, stale medicinal smell." - Nina LaCour
"You want a friend in this city? [Washington, DC.] Get a dog!" - Harry S. Truman
"She existed in her friends; there she was. All the parts of herself she'd forgotten. She knew herself best when she was with them." - Ann Brashares
"Please… Whoever you are, whatever you are… I believe in you even though I don’t completely understand you. I feel you around me even though I can’t exactly describe what I’m feeling. Sometimes things happen to me and I know that you’re there and I’m humbled by the lack of coincidence that exists in the world. Whatever you want from me, it’s yours — just please help me. You know how I get when I lose control, and I find myself constantly being pulled back there these days." - Jennifer Elisabeth
"Don’t we get it? To put our arm around someone who is gay, someone who has an addiction, somebody who lives a different lifestyle, someone who is not what we think they should be… doing that has nothing to do with enabling them or accepting what they do as okay by us. It has nothing to do with encouraging them in their practice of what you or I might feel or believe is wrong vs right." - Dan Pearce
"Friendship is so important. The goal of a good friendship should be for life! To keep it for life! If you find a friendship, and it gives you a joy inside, a peace, and a freedom; keep that friendship for life. Through it all, you stay together. So many friendships are toxic, but the good ones are really good! I always tell my son this, I always say, a friend is for life!" - C. JoyBell C.
"Every November of my boyhood, we put on red poppies and attended highly patriotic services in remembrance of those who had 'given' their lives. But on what assurance did we know that these gifts had really been made? Only the survivors—the living—could attest to it. In order to know that a person had truly laid down his life for his friends, or comrades, one would have to hear it from his own lips, or at least have heard it promised in advance. And that presented another difficulty. Many brave and now dead soldiers had nonetheless been conscripts. The known martyrs—those who actually, voluntarily sought death and rejoiced in the fact—had been the kamikaze pilots, immolating themselves to propitiate a 'divine' emperor who looked (as Orwell once phrased it) like a monkey on a stick. Their Christian predecessors had endured torture and death (as well as inflicted it) in order to set up a theocracy. Their modern equivalents would be the suicide murderers, who mostly have the same aim in mind. About people who set out to lose their lives, then, there seems to hang an air of fanaticism: a gigantic sense of self-importance unattractively fused with a masochistic tendency to self-abnegation. Not wholesome." - Christopher Hitchens
"If I don't see the reason of someone being my friend, chances are, we are just floating and I need a ship to set sail." - Michael Bassey Johnson
"the important thing is not what we (look) like,but the role we play in our best friend's life." - Cecelia Ahern
"Let’s go see who can eat the most dumplings in the shortest amount of time. And duck! You really ought to try pressed duck! It’s a great delicacy.” Jem looked at Will, suppressing a smile. His friend glared back, but at last neither of them could hold back their laughter. Will said, “There is nothing so sweet as feasting upon the bones of my enemies. Especially with you at my side." - Cassandra Clare
"In making friends, she was wary of people who foster dependency and feed on it. She had been involved with a few--the blind attract them, and they are the enemy." - Thomas Harris
"انسان خوب، هر جا دوستى داشته باشد، بى شک دشمنى هم دارد. من اگر بى دشمن بمانم، تنها دليلش این است كه هدفم را از ياد برده ام؛ چرا كه هيچ هدف بزرگى وجود ندارد كه دشمنان حقيرى نداشته باشد..." - نادر ابراهیمی
"I have more online contacts than I can count. I make about one hundred connections a day. I have access to millions of people. I use to think that I had friends in these numbers. But virtual friends are like stars stretched out in the sky. They’re out there, they exist, and I can imagine what they’re like, but we’ll never meet. We all just co-exist in this vast universe with a length of space between us." - Katie Kacvinsky
"...that's what friends did. Let each other off the hook when they didn't want to talk." - Lauren Dane
"Father, we come to You, Father, in the name of the Father, Father we come to You, Father, Father, just, just, Father, Father...' You don't talk to you friends like that. 'Ed, Ed, come over, Ed, Ed, Ed, you are, Ed, Ed, Ed, Ed, Ed, Ed, ooh, Ed, Ed, Ed' - he wouldn't be your friend anymore if you did that! Like, 'You keep saying Ed...my name's Joe!" - Tim Hawkins
"Straight between them ran the pathway," - Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
"Some people have just rented your body to live in it for sometime and depart. Others consider you as a permanent residence to dwell in forever. Which ever, you must remember to accommodate all those who want to be accommodated. Be each other's keeper" - Israelmore Ayivor
"I found, increasingly, that I did not particularly care and I tried to fake a little kindness, a little sweetness, tried to mirror Luna back at herself, but that exhausted me after a week and I concluded that I was not meant for this sort of thing, friends, friendliness, no, I wasn't meant for it." - Catherine Lacey
"We'll let our friends be the peacekeepers and the great country called America will be the pacemakers." - George W. Bush
"There are times when I think that the ideal library is composed solely of reference books. They are like understanding friends—always ready to meet your mood, always ready to change the subject when you have had enough of this or that." - J. Donald Adams
"She could afford anything, she could give anything, but she could not share a moment of her life with anybody. She" - Ravindra Shukla
"They were your friends?"" - Alan Paton
"Let there always be a bright spot in your heart for the people around you. They might need a bit of sunshine." - Ron Baratono
"Take no duty of the Guard lightly. Friends must not be enemies" - David Petersen
"This was what I liked most about my friends: just sitting around and telling stories. Window stories and mirror stories. I only listened - the stories on my mind weren't that funny." - John Green
"you don’t put demands on people and you never say anything negative--ever. So many people suck the life out of everyone they’re around, but you don’t do that. You give people strength just by being you." - Matthew Quick
"I love you in the future tense: I will love you, tomorrow and the day after and the day after that until there are no more days left for us." - Chuck Wendig
"Friends make everything easier. If you want to succeed at a challenge, involve your friends. They have an amazing capacity to lighten physical, emotional, and mental burdens by simply being there." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"The city pulses on around us, and I'm not sure which one of us is anchoring the others, but I've never felt less adrift." - Emma   Mills
"I feel a resurgence of my 6-year-old self… that little warrior, goddess of a girl reminding me of who I was when I was little, before the world got its hands on me." - Jennifer Elisabeth
"True confidence is not about what you take from someone to restore yourself, but what you give back to your critics because they need it more than you do." - Shannon L. Alder
"Ever since college, I make friends. They get married. I lose friends." - Chuck Palahniuk
"" - John Scalzi
"I’m going to follow this invisible red thread until I find myself again… until I finally figure out… who I’m meant to be." - Jennifer Elisabeth
"I know that this process of ‘me changing my life’ doesn’t just end once I set fire to this list of things I hate about myself. Tonight isn’t as much of a new beginning as it is a violent end and I know the real work hasn’t even started yet." - Jennifer Elisabeth
"The world is round so that friendship may encircle it." - Pierre Teilhard de Chardin
"Of course, if I eat all of him, if I spare his brain, he'll rise up and follow me back to the airport, and that might make feel better. I'll introduce him to everyone, and maybe we'll stand around and groan for a while. It's hard to say what 'friends' are any more, but that might be close." - Isaac Marion
"How can I expect readers to know who I am if I do not tell them about my family, my friends, the relationships in my life? Who am I if not where I fit in the world, where I fit in the lives of the people dear to me?" - Rabih Alameddine
"My mother used to say that there are no strangers, only friends you haven't met yet. She's now in a maximum security twilight home in Australia." - Dame Edna Everage
"Some people have a large circle of friends while others have only friends that they like." - Woodrow Wilson
"I've remembered that most of life is about small, essential connections, so unobtrusive, so elastic, that you scarcely realize they're actually holding you together. The big ones-the great, grand emotional bonds-those are the ones that break, the ones that fail you, the ones that give way and send you careening toward the foot of the bleak and jagged canyon. It's the tough, gnarled, unadorned ties that really do bind, that never let you fall all the way down into darkness." - Sharon Shinn
"Yes, a deep lesson from the postage stamp. It attaches itself to a moveable material, the envelope and gets going. A good relationship keeps you going forward; a bad one keeps you static. Attach yourself to someone who is also going forward and you will also get there." - Israelmore Ayivor
"It's like one of those scenes from a feel-good Hollywood movie. Where everybody is happy and nobody's hair fizzes in the wind. Where it doesn't rain, your shoes stay comfortable all day, and everybody's jokes are funny." - Randa Abdel-Fattah
"Well, my friends give me purple flowers and orange tea" - Dar Williams
"It is a great, a pleasant thing to have a friend with whom to walk, untroubled, through the woods, by the stream, saying nothing, at peace--the heart all clean and quiet and empty, ready for the spirit that may choose to be its guest." - Catherine Drinker Bowen
"يقع الأصدقاء في غرامك أكثر كلما زادت مساحة اكتشافهم للحياة معك." - عمر طاهر
"I have really good instincts about friends." - nicole richie
"Prune these alleged friends ruthlessly from your life. You need all the positive reinforcement you can get. You need friends who think you're fabulous, an angel in human shape, and a breath of springtime." - Cynthia Heimel
"The word friend is a label anyone can try on. You decide who is best suited to wear it. Choose wisely. The most dangerous among us come dressed as angels and we learn too late they are the devil in disguise." - Carlos Wallace
"The youngest one,” she interrupted. “The youngest son, I mean. The one who is unmarried." - Julia Quinn
"Let your intimate friends be chosen from such as are better informed than yourself." - Robert Schumann
"Suddenly Saffron had a picture in her mind of Sarah waiting at the bottom of the wall, and she was angry with herself." - Hilary McKay
"Should we still be friends when it could be more profitable if otherwise?" - Toba Beta
"As we reached the wooded hill that led to the pipe, Cheater said, "Uh-oh."" - David Lubar
"A dream isn't worth living if you don't have friends to live it with." - Danielle Johnson
"We weren't really friends yet, just knowers of each other's secret stuff." - M. Beth Bloom
"Good characters make you feel like you have new friends, don’t they? You have to re-read the books just to visit with them again. Grace Awakening. Book one: Awakening Dreams" - Shawn L. Bird
"Downfall, failure and death cannot be far from any man who made counterfeit friends his ally and support." - Bamigboye Olurotimi
"It would be a mistake to suppose that all Urnings must be woman-haters. Quite the contrary. They are not seldom the faithfulest friends, the truest allies, and most convinced defenders of women." - Otto de Joux
"If ever I was running, it was towards you." - Jennifer Elisabeth
"I love him in ways that I can’t explain to other people. They don’t understand… it’s not their fault." - Jennifer Elisabeth
"In each of my friends there is something that only some other friend can fully bring out. By myself I am not large enough to call the whole man into activity; I want other lights than my own to show all his facets... Hence true Friendship is the least jealous of loves. Two friends delight to be joined by a third, and three by a fourth, if only the newcomer is qualified to become a real friend. They can then say, as the blessed souls say in Dante, "Here comes one who will augment our loves." For in this love "to divide is not to take away." - C.S. Lewis
"Life at H.I.V.E. may have its attractions after all, Otto thought. Friends, as they say, may come and go, but high-powered laser weapons are forever." - Mark Walden
"I really believe that there is an invisible red thread tied between him and me, and that it has stretched and tangled for years — across oceans and lifetimes. I know that it won’t break because our souls are tied." - Jennifer Elisabeth
"I could watch him do this until morning — never asking questions and never interrupting his work. I worship quietly — his intense focus and attention to detail and then, out of no where, I realize the inconvenient, inappropriate truth: ‘I love this man… and it has swallowed me." - Jennifer Elisabeth
"Ordinary imperfect people, always choose similarly imperfect people as friends." - Haruki Murakami
"I just want your voice aimed at me again. I want to absorb the direction of your eyes…" - Jennifer Elisabeth
"Everything hurts right now and nothing is helping because as the pain is getting worse — so is the love." - Jennifer Elisabeth
"She may be a bitch, but she's a genuine bitch with a heart" - Emily Henry
"I want you to trust yourself, baby. Love is all that matters and you’ve always known that. You’ve known, since you were a very little girl, what your life is meant to be about…" - Jennifer Elisabeth
"Prosperity is no just scale; adversity is the only balance to weigh friends." - Plutarch
"Stands the Church clock at ten to three?" - Rupert Brooke
"Friends have ways of speaking without words." - Alice Dalgliesh
"The ones who constantly make us laugh are the hardest of friends to know - for comedians are the caricatures among us." - Criss Jami
"Friendship happens when the distance between the hearts tends to zero." - Amit Ray
"You gotta be nice to strangers even when they are the worst, because they don't know you well enough to understand how" - Catherynne M. Valente
"I see ridiculous stories about my butt, like how it has been insured. I feel like saying, "Hey, everyone has a butt. It's not that big a deal!" But I suppose it's flattering. Personally, I've always loved the curvy look. Even when I was a little girl and all my friends would be like, "Oh, my god, your butt's so big." And I'd say, "I love it." - Kim Kardashian
"I started to think of friends I could lean on for some help, but, as always happened when I attempted this kind of social audit, I realised that far too many of them were abroad, dead, married to people who disapproved of me, or weren't really my friends, now that I came to think of it." - Hugh Laurie
"" - Christopher Hitchens
"I have this thing about friends and secrets. Sometimes when I meet a person I like, I tell them a secret they don't know me well enough to be told. It lets me judge their potential as a friend." - Mohsin Hamid
"Choose thy friends like thy books, few but choice" - James Howell
"It's my new best friend, Claudius Templesmith, and as I expected it, he's inviting us to a feast." - Suzanne Collins
"Strangers will show you the way" - Tushar Mangl
"You're well enough looked after now' says Farouq. 'We are your friends. Don't we care about you? All this bitterness, it's in your own mind. To be accepted as a human being, you must behave like one. The more human you act, the more human you'll be.' He spoils the effect of this decent speech by adding with a smirk, 'Four-foot cunt." - Indra Sinha
"Since there is nothing so well worth having as friends, never lose a chance to make them." - Francesco Guicciardini
"We are all bounded with each other on the basis of our beliefs and values; when we question those values, we are certainly left alone, away from our families, friends and the dear one. And that is a cost benefit analysis we all make and we keep satisfying ourselves with the status quo of situations." - M.F. Moonzajer
"You have five hundred Facebook 'friends'? That simply means you've redefined 'friend' to make it something like 'a contact I exchange data with'." - Hugh Mackay
"But while the urban tribe helps us survive, it does not help us thrive. The urban tribe may bring us soup when we are sick, but it is the people we hardly know - those who never make it into our tribe - who will swiftly and dramatically change our lives for the better." - Meg Jay
"Am intrat în închisoare orb, cu vagi străfulgerări autogene ale beznei, care despică întunericul fără a-l risipi, şi ies cu ochii deschişi. Am intrat răsfăţat, răzgâiat. Ies vindecat de fasoane, nazuri, ifose. Am intrat nemulţumit. Ies cunoscând fericirea. Am intrat nervos, supărăcios, sensibil la fleacuri. Ies nepăsător. Soarele şi viaţa îmi spuneau puţin. Acum ştiu să gust felioara de pâine cât de mică. Ies admirând mai presus de orice curajul, demnitatea, onoarea, eroismul. Ies împăcat. Cu cei cărora le-am greşit, cu prietenii şi duşmanii mei, ba şi cu mine însumi"." - Nicolae Steinhardt
"And we must still try or we would be leaving our friends to fight without us. I think this is what you have meant by duty, all along; I do understand, at least this much of it." - Naomi Novik
"I am not, in the ordinary acceptation of the term, a good-natured man; that is, many things annoy me besides what interferes with my own ease and interest. I hate a lie; a piece of injustice wounds me to the quick, though nothing but the report of it reach me. Therefore I have made many enemies and few friends; for the public know nothing of well-wishers, and keep a wary eye on those who would reform them." - William Hazlitt
"Because that’s intimacy, Buckaroos." - Allie Brosh
"There came an awful day when I picked up the phone and knew at once, as one does with some old friends even before they speak, that it was Edward. He sounded as if he were calling from the bottom of a well. I still thank my stars that I didn't say what I nearly said, because the good professor's phone pals were used to cheering or teasing him out of bouts of pessimism and insecurity when he would sometimes say ridiculous things like: 'I hope you don't mind being disturbed by some mere wog and upstart.' The remedy for this was not to indulge it but to reply with bracing and satirical stuff which would soon get the gurgling laugh back into his throat. But I'm glad I didn't say, 'What, Edward, splashing about again in the waters of self-pity?' because this time he was calling to tell me that he had contracted a rare strain of leukemia. Not at all untypically, he used the occasion to remind me that it was very important always to make and keep regular appointments with one’s physician." - Christopher Hitchens
"It wasn't till they were on the bridge that Delly asked RB, "So, Ferris Boyd's your favorite?" She didn't mind, mostly." - Katherine Hannigan
"But it's like no matter how much energy you pour into getting to the station on time, or getting on the right train, there's still no guarantee that anybody's gonna be there for you to pick you up when you get there." - Nancy Oliver
"When a character comes to life, it’s like meeting a new friend for the first time." - Lynette Mather
"In a book, even the real bastards can't hurt you. And you can never loose a friend you make in a book. When you get to a sad part, no one's there to see you cry. Or wonder why you don't cry when you should." - Dean Koontz
"" - Christopher Hitchens
"Maybe in life you get all kinds of soulmates. Multiple people who vibrate at the same level you do. I think that's what Fred is for me. I just don't get to see his penis anymore. So, no, I don't get my happy-ending tongue kiss in the rain, but I did get my friend back. And I don't have to worry about running these busted knees around after any babies." - Samantha Irby
"Many of us have gotten so used to playing" - Scott Stabile
"As they prepared themselves to go ashore no one doubted in theory that at least a certain percentage of them would remain on the island dead, once they set foot on it. But no one expected to be one of these. Still it was an awesome thought and as the first contingents came struggling up on deck in full gear to form up, all eyes instinctively sought out immediately this island where they were to be put, and left, and which might possibly turn out to be a friend's grave." - James Jones
"So, as a seventh grader,no, you weren't friends with people you didnt like. But sometimesyou also werent friends with people you did like, which was complicated, and which didnt make any sence if you tried to explain it. Sometimes things just changed. Thats where the sadness came in." - Lauren Myracle
"Of course what I'm about to share isn't true for me but..." - Christopher Hitchens
"See, I was never a guy who had a whole heap of friends to belong to. Besides Greg Fienni, I never really had friends. I kind of stayed on my own. I hated it, but I was proud of it too. Cameron Wolfe needed no one. He didn't need to be amongst a pack. Not all of us roam like that. No, all he needed was his instincts. All he needed was himself." - Markus Zusak
"For the first time, it struck me that when Denver said he'd be my friend for life, he meant it-for better or for worse. The hell of it was, Mr. Ballantine never wanted a friend, especially a black one. But once Denver committed, he stuck. It reminded me of what Jesus told His disciples 'Greater love has no man than this, that he lay down his life for his friends." - Ron Hall
"Darla shook her head, a small smirk on her lips. “You’re such a mom,” she told Katherine." - Deanna Lynn Sletten
"Books have always been among my most trusted of friends, Mr. Linden replied. The best of them allow the mind to wander wherever the author's musings lead." - Walter Dean Myers, Mr. Linden's Library
"My Miracle, living through a Traumatic brain Injury" - Rodney Barnes
"We did musical chairs to sit with our partner. Glasses were refilled and heads bent in pairs. Looking over the table, I was suffused with affection for my friends. If you could bottle this warm feeling and turn it into words, I thought, that would be the perfect toast." - Kerry Reichs
"Emma hung up and hugged her pillow tight to her chest. He shouldn't be making her feel this special and desired. He was just a friend. Right, just a friend. She wasn't even fooling herself anymore." - Claire Matthews
"But today the united city has ceased to exist; there is no more communion of ideas. The town is a chance agglomeration of people who do not know one another, who have no common interest, save that of enriching themselves at the expense of one another." - Pyotr Kropotkin
"On page 607, alluding to the end of my first marriage (and carefully remembering to state that that's none of his business), he very sweetly says that I 'might leave a wife, but not a friend.' Nice try. Neat smear. But he shouldn't be so sure...." - Christopher Hitchens
"Oh! I know what I wanted to tell you – you’ll never guess who Thomas is chasing after now…" - Melanie Cusick-Jones
"Emtehan kon ke basi jame moradat bedahand Gkharabi cho mara lotfe to abad konad" - hafez
"This was the beginning. The end is easily foreseen; for, given a young man of Dick's temperament, longing" - Harold Bell Wright
"Most people coming out of a war feel lost and resentful. What had been a minute-to-minute confrontation with yourself, your struggle with what courage you have against discomfort, at the least, and death at the other end, ties you to the people you have known in the war and makes, for a time, all others seem alien and frivolous. Friends are glad to see you again, but you know immediately that most of them have put you to one side, and while it is easy enough to say that you should have known that before, most of us don't, and it is painful. You are face to face with what will happen to you after death." - Lillian Hellman
"Don’t bother to make any new friends any more. I’ve learned it’s best to just hold on to what you’ve got." - Alice Feeney
"Amend your ways. Make amends. Make your enemies friends." - Haresh Sippy
"Actually, May have been thinking of something her mom had said. About how you didn't make friends, but let them happen." - Jodi Lynn Anderson
"We are all the same and we are all different. What great friends we will be." - Kelly Moran
"Fire False Friends as early as possible. Do it before they dig out the dream seeds you've planted! The earlier, the better; the quicker, the safer!" - Israelmore Ayivor
"I know that your soul is on life support and that you feel lost and like you’re completely spinning out of control, but you’re finding yourself — here, tonight… even in this darkness." - Jennifer Elisabeth
"Your personal truth is your gift to the world." - Jennifer Elisabeth
"So ask me if I am alright." - Emma Rose Kraus
"The best way to know a city is to eat it." - Scott Westerfeld
"Two main categories of people are needed in your circle; those who give you the necessary support to accomplish your dreams and those who become beneficiaries of what you achieve." - Israelmore Ayivor
"After you hear and listen. First must come desire. Second must come willingness." - Hyrum Yeakley
"It is proper for people to have friends, friendships without self-interest. Without friends, life is too lonely." - Pramoedya Ananta Toer
"A fixation with connecting with 'friends' online comes with the risk of disconnection with friends waiting for you to be present in the offline world." - Craig Hodges
"Her tactics are brutal. The Marines could employ her." - Katie McGarry
"You'll be bereft without me." - J. Lynn
"Over the lives borne from under the shadow of death there seems to fall the shadow of madness." - Joseph Conrad
"You don't appreciate a faithful husband when you've got one,' said Tommy." - Agatha Christie
"Oh my! Did you see him?' Exie stops abruptly and turns to watch a man who smiles at her. ' Ooh yeah, he is fine.'" - Jennifer Loren
"I'll try to see you as just a friend, but it's gonna take a while. So please be patient, okay? Let me be in love with you for just a little longer." - Hisaya Nakajo
"Do you miss her?" - Katie Cotugno
"Aunt Fanny tells me you made great friends with Mr. Mottram. I'm sure he can't be very nice.'" - Evelyn Waugh
"The echo of two boys playing in a pool testing each other to see who could hold their breath the longest." - Talon P.S.
"Life is this simple ~ birth, eat, drink, play, explore, and relate to family and friends; be happy and enjoy life…!" - James A. Murphy
"I think it's swell that there are people you don't have to worry about when you don't see them for a long time, you don't have to wonder what they do, how they're getting along with themselves. You just know that they're all right, and probably doing something they like." - Helen Oyeyemi
"Draugus, kurių troškau, aš nuramdžiau grodamas tau ir su tavimi tą vakarą, tai tavo veide, akyse aš juos mačiau, visus savo mylimus bičiulius, kai išėjai, išėjo ir jie su tavimi." - Alessandro Baricco
"Hot as hell isn't he?' Exie questioned from over my shoulder." - Jennifer Loren
"Love means never saying goodbye." - Harley
"Still, when I think of early friendships, I think not of people but of books. Books were my friends, and more often than not, the characters in the books were my imaginary friends, who stepped out of the pages and walked wth me to school or sat in bed with me, talking when I was meant to be asleep. What I mean is reading was my friends. And also I mean that I learned about friendship - patience, slowness, listening, care - from reading and from reading about friendship between people." - Erin Wunker
"I'm Exie and despite what you may hear I am the best dancer here. No one else compares. So, don't even think you're going to come in here and take my time slots." - Jennifer Loren
"Thanks to Lana Turner, Eleven Eleven, The Nation, LIT Magazine (USA), Critical Quarterly (UK), Beautiful Outlaw Press, no press, The Capilano Review, cv2, Rhubarb and Centre A Gallery (Canada)." - Erin Mouré
"Presently, one after another, like shyly hopping sparrows, her friends arrived, black against the snow." - Marcel Proust
"Make friends not enemies. Compliment do not criticize. Like." - David Chiles
"We were all grinning and everyone had their eyes open for once. Ian must have been moving - his hand was blurred. It was exactly how I imagined us, right down to Kieran's arm around me and the peace sign he was making above Matty's head. The big carving was behind us, and the other trees leaned into the picture, like giant people." - Inga Simpson
"You know that you're a true friend when somebody says "But what about that wart on the end of his nose?" and your honest response is "What wart?". You see true friends accept you for what you are, wart and all." - Jeffrey Michael
"She raised a sharp eyebrow at him. "Vlad, no offense, but look at you. If you're not a vampire, you're clearly the most anemic goth I've ever seen."... "We believed you. Because that's what friends do."" - Heather Brewer
"See, some people politely encourage their tone-deaf friends to sing. Some people even convince them to go on live television and audition for national competitions. But me? I am not that friend." - Sarah Ockler
"Wrong. Enemies don't fight with such determined passion. That kind of focus is reserved for friends at odds with one another."" - Heather Brewer
"Hey presto: time travel. You don't need a time machine, it turns out, you just need a friend to laugh like a teenager. Chronology shivers." - Michael Marshall Smith
"We are both going to pray that we may live together all our lives and die the same day." - L.M. Montgomery
"It is the fate of most men who mingle with the world, and attain even the prime of life, to make many real friends, and lose them in the course of nature. It is the fate of all authors or chroniclers to create imaginary friends, and lose them in the course of art. Nor is this the full extent of their misfortunes; for they are required to furnish an account of them besides." - Charles Dickens
"You be careful, Wizard. Interestingly eccentric friends aren't easy to find." - Dean Koontz
"Memo to extreme partisans: If you can't bring yourselves to love your enemies, can you at least learn to hate your friends?" - Walter Kirn
"You know you're my best friend, right?' he said." - Heather O'Neill
"Once Kimmy and Bobby walked in Taco Bell they saw their two friends already sitting at the table, and Kimmy and Bobby ordered their food before they joined them." - Lynette Mather
"The Bible talks primarily of two kinds of angels- Cherubim and Seraphim. But there is a third kind of angel. If you ever find yourself troubled, suffering or in despair, God may send you this third type of angel. These angels are called...'friends." - José N. Harris
"It was if we all sensed we'd be gone someday soon in a sudden instant--often it happened in the middle of the night--and didn't want to get involved. Or else it was that none of us wanted to know anybody later on who was the way we were now." - Richard Ford
"Friends can be the best co-conspirators in charting the unknown." - Judith Orloff
"Uh-oh," Moni sang, and nodded her head in Chantal's direction. "I think someone's a wee bit upset with us." She turned and walked a few steps backward." - Charity Tahmaseb
"Find out how Claude and Kelly end up from being Friends 2 Lovers as you follow them through their disappointing, confusing, loving, shocking,encouraging, and romantic moments. But can their bond last and withstand all the challenges that cross their way?" - Jonathan Anthony Burkett
"Romy had never done a budget, Marisol had never designed costumes and sets, and Suzanne had never acted, but when I asked them to help, they didn't hesitate" - Adriana Trigiani
"Thoughts are such fleet magic things. Betsy's thoughts swept a wide arc while Uncle Keith read her poem aloud. She thought of Julia learning to sing with Mrs. Poppy. She thought of Tib learning to dance. She thought of herself and Tacy and Tib going into their 'teens. She even thought of Tom and Herbert and of how, by and by, they would be carrying her books and Tacy's and Tib's up the hill from high school." - Maud Hart Lovelace
"I had lesser friends who would pretend to be interested in a night of catching up and then morph into giggly backstabbers at the first whiff of Polo Aftershave--woman who were lightning fast with the put-down joke or dismissive wave, whatever it took to seem more pretty or witty or larger chested to the nighly swarm of male barflies." - Kristin Gore
"Most Americans watch Friends rather than having friends." - Robert Putnam
"On page 605, Blumenthal says that 'I made friends with Hitchens's friends the novelists Martin Amis and Salman Rushdie.' True in its way. I particularly remember the occasion when he called me up and invited me to dinner with Dick Morris, but only on condition that I brought Rushdie (who was staying in my house) along with me. No Rushdie: no invitation. So I never did get to meet Dick Morris." - Christopher Hitchens
"Hey, Meg," she said without preamble. I need you to write a letter of recommendation for me. I'm applying for grad school."" - Kristin Hannah
"Govinda was standing in front of him, dressed in the yellow robe of an ascetic. Sad was how Govinda looked like, sadly he asked: Why have you forsaken me? At this, he embraced Govinda, wrapped his arms around him, and as he was pulling him close to his chest and kissed him, it was not Govinda any more, but a woman, and a full breast popped out of the woman's dress, at which Siddhartha lay and drank, sweetly and strongly tasted the milk from this breast." - Hermann Hesse
"While I wrestle with my own life and gain knowledge of it each day," - Vidhu Kapur
"I smile with who I have," - Vidhu Kapur
"Most people choose to be hurt and killed by something they have power to avoid, because of their ego, arrogance and wanting to prove a point. They choose to put themselves in harms way. Always choose safety, when it comes to your life. Be wise and choose to avoid arguments, fights, conflicts, people, places , situations or doing things that can get you killed or hurt." - De philosopher DJ Kyos
"I wonder how much of our humanity as individuals is compromised by the absence of the humanity of those around us who are themselves compromised by our absence?" - Craig D. Lounsbrough
"Participate in million moments for love but my friends I swear it never happens intentional." - Sonal Takalkar
"The people who refuse to talk with you, they can't be your friend. They can become a reason to teach you lessons of friendship." - Sonal Takalkar
"Those friends thou hast, and their adoption tried," - William Shakespeare
"True friends give you encouragement. True friends give you motivation, And inspiration. True friends give you love, And adoration, And respect." - Hendrith Vanlon Smith  Jr
"Every friend starts out as a stranger." - Terri Nakamura
"Besides, no one can keep me away from my fish. Thank you, by the way, for the crate of fish you left for me. They are a delight. Come, let us go down to the sea." - Tracy Chevalier
"So we continued, arm in arm along the beach, talking until at last we had no more to say, like a storm that blows itself out, and our eyes dropped to the ground, where the curies were waiting for us to find them." - Tracy Chevalier
"School friends are like the bijou of friends. School friends were and are the sorcerers of real happiness. Happiness that once thrived through us, by virtue of the fact that we were untouched by the ways of the world. And happiness that comes through them even today, however sporadic, by the virtue of the fact that the pure and unadulterated impressions of buddy-love that were left on us then, could not be eroded by time or too much awareness or too many new friends." - Vidhu Kapur
"Being around wrong crowd or people. They will make you feel like a bad person and they will say you are a bad person." - De philosopher DJ Kyos
"Because here´s what I forgot to mention before: I´m not a threat to these woman... until they make him choose. Then, I´m more threatening than a glitter bomb. I might not get to sleep in Nathan´s bed, buy I do have his loyalty — and to Nathan, there´s nothing more important than that." - Sarah Adams
"The reason why Ango and I were able to be by his side was that we understood the solitude that surrounded him, and we never stepped inside it no matter how close we stood. But in that moment, I kind of regretted not stepping in and invading that solitude." - Kafka Asagiri
"Communicating thoughts is as easy as the alphabet, and so much more paramount-- for people to know each other, to become close, to become friends." - Vidhu Kapur
"I gave Annabel the bracelet and she loves it. I'm going to get one for myself and every time the little bell charm rings it will remind me how important it is to be loyal to your friends." - Penelope Bush
"Friends for comfort, strangers for intimacy." - Marty Rubin
"You have to have one person in your life that you know would never do anything to steer you wrong. They may disagree with you. They could even break your heart, from time to time. But you have to have one person, at least, who you know will always tell you the truth." - Taylor Jenkins Reid
"Life is to be observed, and questioned each day for what it provides, and has to provide that may help broaden our horizon of thoughts." - Vidhu Kapur
"Many will resolutely declare their allegiance to us. And in time, that allegiance will inevitably come into direct conflict with their allegiance to themselves. Therefore, when the moment of crisis arises, the crisis is less about the crisis itself and more about the crisis of friends having forgotten the meaning of allegiance." - Craig D. Lounsbrough
"I don’t have many friends, I just know a lot of people." - Heath Ledger
"An enemy cannot betray you, as you already expect your enemy to try to bring you down. Only a trusted "friend," acquaintance, or family member can betray you, and that is what truly makes betrayal so hurtful and sad." - Bohdi Sanders
"Love is the most rudimentary element of friendship, and yet the most fundamental to our existence." - Vidhu Kapur
"Love allows the world to go round and round. While I love, I must talk and share. It liberates me and I feel free when I do. It helps me learn the good in the other and also become it. It is not just for the health of the relation but myself as well." - Vidhu Kapur
"I may not always know but my presence could be someone’s happiness, so all I can and should do is acknowledge the effort with more love, support, and/or honestly, tell what stands true for me. Some days, I can be someone’s force, and other days, the other could be mine." - Vidhu Kapur
"We need each other by our sides and that we must never forget. Even when we disagree and argue, we must never forget we are only doing it for One identical cause, that is, to be with one another, happily. It may not always be rosy, it could get cold, there shall be a difference of thought, but we got to get through with and let the other know, expressing with the help of words and actions-- I understand, I care and I am with you." - Vidhu Kapur
"Love has different forms and everyone tends to love his or her own way." - Vidhu Kapur
"The journey to any goal is constant, winding, full of obstacles, costs money, time, energy, and sometimes it can cost you friends and family." - Carlos Wallace
"Connections never go away. The love between your partners, school friends never go away. People will come and go. Nobody will be permanent in life. That does not mean you feel bitter or angry. At one point you evolve. Life is full of experiences." - honeya
"I may not always know but my presence could be someone’s happiness, so all I can and should do is acknowledge the effort with more love, support, and/or honestly, tell what stands true for me." - Vidhu Kapur
"Love" - Vidhu Kapur
"Communicating our hearts out is the first road to expressing all the" - Vidhu Kapur
"We two" - Vidhu Kapur
"Alas!" - Vidhu Kapur
"I still have to keep making friends since, in this new life," - Vidhu Kapur
"I tell myself--" - Vidhu Kapur
"The man has an executioner’s stare and a handshake that could crush a coconut. But scratch beneath the surface, Luna, and you will find the most loyal friend." - Kevin Ansbro
"I am learning to say no to my family. I am learning to say no to my friends. I am learning to say no to my work. Setting boundaries is a good thing." - The Thoughtful Beast
"Look at yourself then. Consider everything you have fed yourself over the years. Was it a banquet or a starvation diet? Who are your friends? Do they believe in you? Or do they stunt your growth with ridicule and disbelief? If the latter, you haven't friends. Go find some." - Ray Bradbury
"Make friends with people who aren't your age, hang out with people whose first language isn't the same as yours. Get to know someone who doesn't come from your social class. This is how you see the world. This is how you grow." - Dido Stargaze
"Good friends are like a winning lottery ticket, wonderful to have but painful to lose." - Kevin Ansbro
"The cheapest luxury in this world is the time you get to enjoy with your friends." - Garima Soni - words world
"Thinking about the suffering of those you hold dear can reduce you to tears." - Anne Frank
"You come in on your own" - Richard Ashcroft
"Choose to do things, because you want to, not because they told you or made you do it. Reason being lot of people choose to do or say bad things. If they know they can deny the responsibility of the outcome or they can shift the blame, when the results are bad. Not everyone has best interest for you at heart. Mostly, they are looking out for themselves. People can put your life in danger, as long it won't affect them." - De philosopher DJ Kyos
"It is important to remember kindness to the people around you and to" - Kirsty Mooney
"I am not a good friend. I have never been capable of or willing to commit to the maintenance that the rules of friendship dictate. I cannot rmember bithdays. I do not want to meet for coffee. I will not host the baby shower. I won't text back because it's an eternal game of Ping-Pong, the texting. It never ends. I inevitably disappoint friends, so after enough of that, I decided I would stop trying. I don't want to live in constant debt. This is okay with me." - Glennon Doyle
"New friendship memo: For us there would be no arbitrary rules, obligations, or expectations. We would not owe each other anything other than admiration, respect, love." - Glennon Doyle
"i can live without romantic love" - Rupi Kaur
"Sometimes we meet people who have been so beaten and betrayed in life, that they reach a point where they do not allow themselves to trust, nor are they able to identify a true friendship when they have it in front of them. You simply have to let them be and not feel alluded to." - Jasmina Alexander
"A gift is not thrown away so lightly. Especially a gift from a friend. No, I will keep it, to remind me that not all friendships need to end in bitterness." - Kate Constable
"One of the hazards of having friends, especially long time ones, is just how well they know you." - Nicola Yoon
"With success comes the never-ending task of blocking or weeding out fake friends." - Mokokoma Mokhonoana
"A friend with a boat is better than owning a boat." - Kevin Kelly
"It was from that moment, when Phuong was violently taken from him, that the bloodshed truly began and his life entered into bloody suffering and failure. And he would understand true sacrifice: friends who would die to save others." - Bảo Ninh
"I thought these were just my starter friends and the real ones would come along later. But no. These are my real friends" - Miranda July
"Life is about choices. You must choose what you want. If you don’t choose. People, your friends, family and life will choose for you, and they won’t choose what is best for you. Choose your friends , who do you vibe and hang around with carefully. Choose do you entertain, sleep with or tell your secrets or plans. Always choose to do the right things and never break the law or people's heart. If you make wrong choices, you will suffer, get hurt or die. if you make right choices, you will live longer and prosper." - De philosopher DJ Kyos
"true friends are those who rid us of life's burdens" - Anthony Ejefoh
"There is silence, only the pitter-patter of rain hitting the skylight above my bed. Do I roll over and fall back asleep or get up? This is always the dilemma. Long ago I lived for such rainy days, when I would make myself a cup of cocoa, climb back into bed, snuggle under the comforter, and just listem to the storm outside. Perhaps I would benefit from doing the same today. Recently, when I sought council from a minister friends, she affirmed my conclusion that I was stuck. "You're in the dessert," she said, "and you're parched, but not dried out." As she talked, I pictured myself sitting on a stump in the middle of a vast wasteland, surrounded by nothing save miles of adobe-colored, hardened soil, with no escape route insight. "You've got not alternative but to simply sit still and listen. In time you'll hear the answers." - Joan Anderson
"...but just four years later, in June 1977, I was to find a pair of Buff-collared Nightjars on territory in the lower canyon..." - Kenn Kaufman
"People or friends this days have an application or an app that they use to talk to you with and another application they used to talk about you. They have social media accounts they used to talk to you with and another account they used to talk about you. Choose to trust no one." - De philosopher DJ Kyos
"I'll be taking you out for coffee later this week, and you can give me all the details. In the meantime, I'll commence hating him just a" - Sarah Gailey
"Whether you recognize it or not, you tend to become like those you surround yourself with." - J.S. Felts
"People or friends these days uses two mobile numbers, two apps or applications, two social media accounts. They use the first one to talk to you and the second one to talk about you. Choose to trust no one." - De philosopher DJ Kyos
"Being God means that I can make my own friends." - Anthony T. Hincks
"Once upon a time, there lived four friends. They were not just any friends; they were school friends!" - Vidhu Kapur
"If I tried listing all my friends, it would take days." - Niharika✩
"We don’t know how it works. But some people are able to read us telepathically. You know, our bare souls. Our sum of intentions. Our feelings. Our thought processes." - Abhaidev
"I am often the friend you come to for advice and the stranger you feel inclined to tell your life story to. I cherish those moments with humans in their pure humanity." - Lidia Longorio
"People who try to control people and change people's habits are the ones that make all the trouble. If you don't like somebody, walk away... But don't try and make them like you." - Louise Fitzhugh
"Friends, acquaintances—one always needs a retinue. But tell me, if some day your heart must sink into its labyrinths, where would your friends be then? Will they descend with you or would you venture in alone?" - Krassi Zourkova
"If you’re around people who spend all they make, chances are excellent that you’ll spend all you make." - Jim Rohn
"Those thousands of artificial friends are irrelevant if we lose connection with those who are with us." - Dheeraj  Sharma
"Friends, acquaintances—one always needs a retinue. But tell me, if some day your heart must sink into its labyrinths, where would your friends be then? Will they descend with you or would you venture in alone?" - Krassi Zourkova (Wildalone)
"Show me your friends and I'll show you your future." - Dan Pena
"Remove yourself from people not woke to your potential." - Germany Kent
"Are there reolls among them? Are there those who would betray you?" - Terry Brooks
"Just because you lost me as a friend, doesn't mean you gained me as an enemy. I'm bigger than that, I still wanna see you eat, just not at my table." - Tupac Shakur
"I am your friend and you are mine, for always," she said. "Such a friend as I never had before. I have had many dear and beloved friends—but there is a something in you, Leslie, that I never found in anyone else. You have more to offer me in that rich nature of yours, and I have more to give you than I had in my careless girlhood. We are both women—and friends forever."" - L. M. Montgomery
"I wish my friends would be a tad more selective before they jump in with both feet. Almost instantly… “they’re my world!!” Ummm, this is like your 8th world… You making a solar system?" - Steve Maraboli
"When we're fully in our truth and we literally stand up and say: "Hey! Here I am!" Fully. More and more, what happens is people just come to you. Because when your soul is in your body, your soul tribe comes. And until you are fully you, it can't, because you're at the vibration of the people you're around." - Mishelle Bee
"Build up those around you, or they'll drag you down." - Josh Steimle
"Algunas personas entran en tu vida por una razón, otras por una temporada y otras para siempre." - Whitney G.
"That was the problem with all these butterfly-life-spanned girlfriends the scenarist brought with him. Driven by an impulse to become friends with everyone in the group, they asked too many personal questions and made too many personal comments, miserably failing to acknowledge that it was precisely the opposite, the lack of any serious and sincere interest in each other's privacy, which drew the group members to one another." - Elif Shafak
"Sometimes friends are weapon of self defense" - Tamerlan  Kuzgov
"I'd rather hang out with nerds that were kind than with jocks that hated me." - Fracaswell Hyman
"Once you've met someone you really never forget them; it just takes a while for your memory to return" - Hayao Miyazaki
"You see life; the best part of it is the one you spend with someone special. When you do, spend it with someone that is afraid of losing you in as much as you are afraid of losing them" - Victor Vote
"We are all foreigners on earth. The best we can do is to be friends." - Lailah Gifty Akita
"INSTEAD OF TAKING CARE OF FRIENDS WHO CHANGE ACCORDING TO THE SITUATION, TAKE CARE OF A FRIEND WHO WILL CHANGE THE SITUATION RATHER, THEN YOU WILL NEVER EXPERIENCE FAILURE IN LIFE." - SACHIN RAMDAS BHARATIYA
"THE THREADS OF FRIENDSHIP ARE THINNER THAN A SPIDER WEB BUT STRONGER THAN A STEEL WIRE. IF IT IS BROKEN, IT WILL BE BROKEN BY BREATH, OTHERWISE IT WILL NOT BE BROKEN BY EVEN LIGHTNING." - SACHIN RAMDAS BHARATIYA
"I had friends at highschool, but I found that other than when I was wearing the uniform i really didn't want to be around them. Come to think of it, in a city of more than thirty million people there wasn't a single person I wanted to see or talk to." - Fujisawa Hiroki
"I detest goodbyes. That is, with people I like." - Sol Luckman
"One of the main roles of our financial problems is to weed out our fake friends." - Mokokoma Mokhonoana
"So what’s the plan?” Carter asked. “Maybe a flanking manoeuvre?" - Rick Riordan
"It's all right for me to have boys as friends." - Anne Frank
"How I missed the sound of rain, like the voice of an old friend." - Meeta Ahluwalia
"Everyone in my life taught me to swim in the ocean of myself." - Sara Wolf
"You know those people you meet who just feel safe? They radiate certainty and belonging, like everything will be okay for them, because they know how to make things okay. If you’re lucky enough to spend a day with them they will go on with their lives and let you be a tourist in there. They make each moment their own, in small ways, like having preferences about the music, the colours, the smells, the direction, the order of things. And they will talk about their lives in a way that doesn’t leave any space for questioning. It’s not like … hello, this is my life, do you think it’s okay? Like I do … It’s more like: “Hey, this is my life! It’s nice, isn’t it? Now show me yours!" - Charlotte Eriksson
"Be the kind of a friend you would like to be with." - Amit Kalantri
"Loneliness is dependent on not loving very many things. So now I try to love a lot." - Charlotte Eriksson
"Summerset wasn't even where he's supposed to be so I could insult him and start the ditching."" - J.D. Robb
"Mouth the shape of a kiss" - Lea Malot
"The sustaining interest and enthusiasm of many friends and colleagues are, of course, the nutrition that every writer needs, and can never adequately acknowledge." - Philip Ball
"I was wet but not soaked. Just enough to look like a sponge, but not a mop." - Cindy Callaghan
"Friends, like flowers, make life more beautiful." - Michele Farabee
"For fear of seeming sentimental, many of us hold back expressions of warmth and thereby miss out on rich and profound friendships." - Alan Loy McGinnis
"Don’t let your pride, status and ego cost you opportunities , because your pride could not allow you to stand in a line, to apply, to audition, to go for an interview, to ask for help, to apologize, to work for your friends or with your friends. To be seen or associated with someone and to work with smaller brands or businesses." - De philosopher DJ Kyos
"Love comes first, life second, followed by inspiration and humor. Pick your subject of conversation accordingly." - Monaristw
"Andrew con su esmoquin y la pajarita, y Emily con un vestido blanco y unas flores de plástico en la mano. Era divertido vestirlos y simular una boda" - Mariah Evans
"Close friendships are truly vestiges of our biological heritage." - Gad Saad
"Some people look for good friends and some become a good friend." - Amit Kalantri
"I still say I can do whatever I want as long as I'm not hurting anybody else. I don't understand why more people aren't like that." - Rose McGowan
"Whatever you do in life, make it matter. Along the way, you will discover that not everyone is on your side. Some may clap, but on the low, they are praying you to fail. I learned that the journey to any goal is constant, winding, full of obstacles, costs money, time, energy, and sometimes it can cost you, friends, and family. (Interview / 2021)" - Carlos Wallace
"Some people will continue to hate you even when they mistreat you." - Amit Kalantri
"The man or woman who is easy to get along with is the one for me." - Marty Rubin
"Forgive them. Whomsoever you thought while reading this. Forgive them." - Sarvesh Jain
"—Eh… ¿Vas a correr hacia el enemigo? ¿No es lo contrario de «retirarse»?" - Julie Kagawa
"Don't be sunlight in someone's bright hours, try to be moonlight in someone's dark hours." - Amit Kalantri
"It is always nice to be reckless and wild in the presence of a good company, because you know nothing bad will happen to you." - De philosopher DJ Kyos
"...that's what they say, that you're lucky in this world if you have at least a couple of real friends. True friends." - Caroline Kepnes
"Expectations hurt more than enemies." - Amit Kalantri
"The most expensive thing you will ever do is spend time with the wrong people." - Germany Kent
"She was a reference point of a good I agreed on. Without a friend, we sail on a sad plank of wood called ‘the self’ on a vast ocean pending a party. With a friend, however, we voyage." - Karl Kristian Flores
"You will never have to wonder where you stand with people who truly believe in you." - Germany Kent
"If you succeed its not only because of you, if you fail its only because of you." - Amit Kalantri
"An advice from a person who has nothing to lose. It will lead you to lose everything you have." - De philosopher DJ Kyos
"Most relationships come with expiration dates just like milk and bread. Some go sour before you can taste them," - Laurie Halse Anderson
"Isn't it funny how that works? One day, you just pick a human you've met, and you're like, 'I like this one,' and then you do stuff with them. They become important to you just because you chose to let them be." - K.D. Robichaux
"True friends fiercely debate issues and still walk away as friends." - Frank Sonnenberg
"We can listen to friends and strangers until the sun goes down, but we can never know someone's full story without going through the world in their bodies." - Adam Silvera
"Even in the most organized life there is room for whimsy. It just needs scheduling. As her heroine Monica Geller would say, Rules help control the fun." - Abbi Waxman
"You two are straight-up shadows. Because you're always following me. Loyal to the end." - Adam Silvera
"With books, you’re never lonely. Your friends are the best minds who have ever lived." - A.D. Aliwat
"But by the time those acquaintances became close friends, it was too late. Perhaps there was a perfect moment in between, when you were close enough to tell but not so close it was problematic that you hadn't done so already, but it was infinitesimal, too fleet and fleeting to pin down, visible not even in hindsight." - Laurie Frankel
"I have been waiting for you both. We saved good stories for you." - N.K. Jemisin
"The seven fall still. Smiles fading from their faces. They look at each other, sharing the silent memories, the loss and the pain. Kady Grant squeezes Masons hand. Asha hugs her cousin close. Malikov wraps his arm around Donnelly's shoulder and pulls her in tight, kisses her brow. They have all come so far. And there are fewer now than they started with." - Amie Kaufman
"Don’t make friends who are comfortable to be with. Make friends who will force you to lever yourself up.” — Thomas J. Watson" - Thomas J. Watson
"Do not lose your first friends because of your ignorance, and do not leave your first friends because of their ignorance." - Enock Maregesi
"As a Christian, you are carving Christ name upon human hearts so be careful how you represent Christ to others" - John M. Sheehan
"One faithful friend is far better than ten thousand fake friends." - Lailah Gifty Akita
"Zu viele Freunde waren aus seinem Leben verschwunden und hatten nur Stille hinterlassen. Nur eine war zurückgekehrt." - Mark T. Barnes
"Being resilient is so much easier when you’re surrounded by the right people." - Maxime Lagacé
"Flawed, imperfect, fallen. If these things describe me accurately—it should be evident to my friends that they do—then it should be obvious that I need to change. If I insist on remaining just as I am; if I demand acceptance without judgment—or worse, if I also demand that my friends validate my present state and declare it good, then I am asking them to aid and abet my damnation. Just as flowing water is stopped by a dam, I will be condemned to my present state. But that is not what I want. I deeply desire to correct my flaws, put right my imperfections, and overcome my fallenness. I cannot make these changes on my own. Without forthright friends who help me see myself accurately, I am lost. My best friends, therefore, are the ones who see me clearly and love me enough to tell me that I can become better. My best friends are the ones who point me to Christ, He who is mighty to save and Best Friend to all who will have Him." - Jean-Michel Hansen
"We are, by our human natures, foolish. We engage in all manner of nonsense and create all sorts of problems for ourselves—some of them quite serious. There may be times in our lives when we find our world crumbling around us and see that we are losing that which we value most. In these circumstances, when the voices of our forthright friends are urgent, it would be more prudent to consider their warnings than complain about the tone of their voices or assert that they are not diplomatic. Real friends serve us best when they call out dangers that we cannot perceive. Plainspoken friends, particularly those who may have experienced the things we now suffer, may see and understand more than we can see and understand ourselves. It would be wise to listen to their counsel, even—perhaps especially—when our first instinct is to insist that our circumstances are different, that they do not understand us, or that they have hurt our feelings. Forthright friends are rare. If you have such friends, listen humbly and keep them close: you have discovered treasure." - Jean-Michel Hansen
"There is no great success and outstanding achievement on earth without the input of friendship." - John Arthur
"Friendship unveils potentials and abilities." - John Arthur
"Friendship develops gifts and talents." - John Arthur
"How quickly people can forget you, until they want something from you and when they are done with you, you are not even a stranger but an invisible person who doesn't even exist." - honeya
"Human beings are very unpredictable when it comes to relationsips and there are no written agreements... Unlike in business transactions..." - honeya
"We all have sinned so far in our lives and might continue too, yet, we all love talking about others sins, Elaborating, exaggerating, laughing, commenting, cursing... And we all enjoy it hahaha" - honeya
"Difficult times help us understand who is your good friend and who is just a friend." - Sukant Ratnakar
"We high-fived by tapping our Twizzlers together. We’d come up with a million different ways to high-five without using our palms." - Cindy Callaghan
"Things were getting more un-boring by the minute. Maybe a little too de-bored-ified." - Cindy Callaghan
"Il legame che unisce la tua vera famiglia non è quello del sangue, ma quello del rispetto e della gioia per le reciproche vite. Di rado gli appartenenti ad una famiglia crescono sotto lo stesso tetto." - Richard Bach
"Cuộc đời ta thay đổi theo hai cách: qua những người ta gặp và qua những cuốn sách ta đọc." - Harvey Mackay
"Everyone needs a support system, be it family, friends, coworkers, therapists, or religious leaders. We cannot do life alone and expect to keep mentally, emotionally, and spiritually healthy. Everyone needs some sort of support system on which to rely." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"If you spend your life knocking people down, you eventually find they won't stand up for you." - Brandon Sanderson
"One honest friend is worth more than a million sycophants." - Kevin Ansbro
"Our bad habits are the ones leading us to our death. Bad life, bad behavior, bad friends and bad things are always addictive. Choose not to start on something that other people are struggling to quit. Choose not to be involved with people that everyone are trying to cut ties with. Choose not to be close to people who are bad influence in your life." - De philosopher DJ Kyos
"Friendships have different phases and change over time. All we can really control is ourselves. Be the type of friend you want to have!" - Jessica Speer
"Everyone has certain qualities that they are drawn to in friends. Keep an eye out for friends that have the qualities you find important in friendship. And, of course, being a good friend is the best way to attract and keep friends too." - Jessica Speer
"Big emotions—like anger, fear, and sadness—can be really uncomfortable. But even uncomfortable feelings are okay. In fact, all emotions are okay. It just takes practice to manage uncomfortable emotions so you can respond in a healthy way." - Jessica Speer
"Navigating conflict is not easy. If you decide to speak with the person you are in conflict with, find a private time and place to talk. Be sure not to involve others in the conflict. Practice what you plan to say so you are calm and confident. Your goal is to speak your truth, take responsibility for your part, and treat others with dignity. This is no easy task, but an important skill to practice over time." - Jessica Speer
"Friendship Truth #9: You choose which of your friendships to grow. Grow the healthy ones!" - Jessica Speer
"Because while the world is filled with people who just need to let their demon go, there is another group who need to find themselves one." - Graham Joyce
"Envy can turn friends into adversaries." - Frank Sonnenberg
"If you want to be a real person living in the real world, the first thing you must do is get off the grid. Take the first brave step and delete your Facebook profile. After all, you surely wouldn’t want the words carved on your headstone to be: “I was registered with Facebook. I had 101 online friends (and I even knew a few of them). My current mood is: Sad." - Michael Faust
"When you hurt, I hurt all the same," - Lavinia Valeriana
"The boy who had struggled to find friends for so long finally had a whole group of people he could call his brothers." - George M. Johnson
"In the mist of life," - Meeta Ahluwalia
"If I disappeared from your life and you wonder why. It wasn't because I stopped loving you, it was because you stopped loving me the way you once did." - James Thomas Kesterson Jr
"My father knew from the start what was going to happen,' Clara explained. 'He stayed close to his friends because he felt it was his duty. What killed him was his loyalty to people who, when their time came, betrayed him. Never trust anyone, Daniel, especially the people you admire. Those are the ones who will make you suffer the worst blows'." - Carlos Ruiz Zafón
"With COVID 19 we are losing people everyday. There is no time to hate and to hold on to grudges. Life is too short for all of us, We don’t know how long do we have to live . Make peace with everyone while you can.Reconcile with the people you love and with your family before is too late. Put the bad stories , bad history ,differences and rumors aside. Don’t inherit hate from others, from your parents or grand parents. Never be happy to be torn apart from your family and not getting along with your family or family members. United we stand, divided we fall.Life is too short now and too risky. Make peace and share love always." - De philosopher DJ Kyos
"Elaine, I remember the first time I met you. You were so young, so scared. It nearly broke my heart to see you so." - Lisa Ann Sandell
"If you run away when you see your friend, you're not running away from him but from yourself" - Bangambiki Habyarimana
"When you speak like this it embarasses me. You listen to me, Olek. There will always be men who select their friends for reasons of advancement, either socially, military, or politically. They will tell you to avoid a certain man's company because he is out of favor, or his family is poor. Or, indeed, because his life is lived in a manner some people find unbecoming. As a soldier I judge men by what they can do. By how much guts they have. When it comes to friends all that matters is whether I like them. I like Greavas. I think you will come to like him too. If you don't that's too bad. You will still learn to dance. And I will expect you to stand up for him with your friends." - David Gemmell
"This shift partly reflects basic social physics. Having a mutual enemy is a quick way to make a friend—we learn this as early as elementary school—and politically, it's much easier to organize people against something than it is to write them in an affirmative vision. And, within the economy of attention, conflict always gets more people to look." - Jia Tolentino
"Do not forsake your father friends." - Lailah Gifty Akita
"POZZO: He speaks to me again! If this goes on much longer we'll soon be old friends." - Samuel Beckett
"Girls will move across the country with a boyfriend they've known less than a year, and people think that's normal because it's romantic love. But living with your best friend? Or for Dee, staying close to her parents and brothers? I don't think that's weird or codependent. I think it's basic: if you find people you love, you want to be near them." - Emery Lord
"A good friend is more than a family." - Syed Badiuzzaman
"Promise you won't laugh," Charlie said." - Jonathan Auxier
"Don’t think for a moment that there’s nothing to be learned from the people who’ve failed us. For some of the greatest lessons that we’ve been granted are from those who showed us how ‘not’ to do something. And we’d be wise to remember that some of those people are us." - Craig D. Lounsbrough
"500+ contacts, 100+ friends..!" - Nayan Kasturi
"There are few things in life worse than a drop-in. The supposed whimsy and fun therein are fabrications only promulgated by uninspired situation comedies, pablum made for the enjoyment of fools. For individuals with actual things to do, it is no different than truncating that person’s life by the duration of the visit." - A.D. Aliwat
"I don't run when my friends need me" - Rick Riordan
"Maybe he found a way,' Percy said. ' This is Leo we're talking about. He might come back any minute. Then we can take turns strangling him" - Rick Riordan
"...the dead are objects that have broken, a television, the radio, the mixer, and the best thing is to remember them as they were when they were working, because the only acceptable tomb is memory." - Elena Ferrante
"I had people, in the plural, that I could ask to join me in the library, and even if they said no, they weren't really saying no, they were only saying not this time." - Naomi Novik
"Hunger, Red - to sate a hunger or to stroke it, to feel hunger as a furnace, to trace its edges like teeth - is this a thing you, singly, know? Have you ever had a hunger that whetted itself on what you fed it, sharpened so keen and bright that it might split you open, break a new thing out? Sometimes I think that's what I have instead of friends." - Amal El-Mohtar
"You wrote of being in a village upthread together, living as friends and neighbors do, and I could have swallowed this valley whole and still not have sated my hunger for the thought." - Amal El-Mohtar
"We find many friends when we are down and out. People swarm around with proclamations of, 'Oh, how dreadful. How terrible.' They may as well be saying, 'Thank you so much for making me feel better about myself and my life. You have more problems than me and are more pathetic.' Yet, when we enter the path of healing, there will be few standing there to wish us well, in case we find it." - Donna Goddard
"You can endure almost anything if you have someone at your side who cares." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"I thank God above that I have someone in my life with whom I can share the whole story of why I am the way I am." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Don’t count your friends — count on them." - Frank Sonnenberg
"I have no friends. I need help. Please talk to me" - Me, PLEASE HELP ME
"Nothing was scarier than the fact that the person who was your best friend, your soul mate, could become unrecognisable to you in the blink of an eye. With a few words, they could kill your happiness." - Mike Hockney
"She says, Don't eat the mystery meat" - Katherine Applegate
"A book is a briend you can look for everytime you search for the confort people can't give you." - Luis Zamarro Fraile
"Don't waste your time trying to make a big splash with everyone. Your true people are already swimming in your pool." - Christine E. Szymanski
"...Glerk walked, and Fyrian fluttered behind, from side to side and forward and back, like a troublesome, overlarge butterfly." - Kelly Barnhill
"Kyou handed him a small USB drive, barely bigger than his thumbnail. “Wireless bridge. Plug it into the back of the camera and give me five minutes. We’ll be set." - A.J. Sherwood
"If you're MAKING IT, HAPPY, KIND and LOVING to others and are told you're a good person by many, that is what counts. NEVER allow the few bad apples to bring you down. Instead, ignore or remove those sour apples from your circle and go out and get yourself more good apples to be around." - Cliff Hannold
"FRIENDSHIP, n. A ship big enough to carry two in fair weather, but only one in foul." - Ambrose Bierce
"His "place" wasn't to be found geographically...A person's place was made up of people who showed up somewhere regularly enough that you could also show up and count on at least some of them being there. And then you could talk to them and say whatever asinine thing came into your head and even if they ridiculed you for it they did it like friends." - Orson Scott Card
"If you have good friends, no matter how much life is sucking, they can make you laugh." - Kristin Cast
"I didn't know if the universe actively taught lessons. But if it did, the lesson was that I could not handle what I thought I could handle. The lesson was that I didn't need to act out with Theo to learn the lesson. I didn't have to suffer again. The suffering of others, Claire and now Diana, could remind me of my own suffering: the suffering of the past and my potential future suffering. Maybe this is why we did things in groups. Maybe this is why people had friends: so we could see ourselves and our own insanity in them." - Melissa Broder
"I don’t want the books [...] to be too far away; they, also, have become friends. I even feel this way about books I don’t own. In libraries, I find myself visiting the books I used before. I regard those rows of memoirs and letters as voices from the past, bound into books, and I like to make sure they are all there, alive and well. If they have collected dust, I take out the small towel I carry in my briefcase and wipe them off." - Robert K. Massie
"The fellowship of friendship is family." - Daniel Linn Lewis
"Your normal," he said weakly." - Cassie Beasley
"Good quality friends are a goldmine." - Fausat Omolara Ayinla
"Fighting the desire inside her and becoming friends, only friends, had been painful at first, yet she had done it for Lyric. She had repeated to herself a mantra. It’s not about me, it’s not about me. Not about what she wanted, but what Lyric needed. She had a responsibility to this little one to do more than feed and clothe her, but to show her that she wasn’t alone in the world. That she had a team, people who put her joy first. If it meant she and Stuart had to put their happiness on the shelf, so be it." - Corinne Beenfield
"But I can't talk to her because she's going through hell and she doesn't need to hear me ranting about a vase. But that happens sometimes, Rose, you want to talk about stuff but you can't because your friends are going through things--real things, painful things-- and you can't talk to them because your stuff doesn't feel as important as theirs." - Tanya Byrne
"She called Kaneesha, whose machine said, "If you want money, go away. If you want to sell me something, it better be clothes. If you are a friend, let's party soon. If this is Tanya, where's my red tank top? Later. Beep."" - Eve Eliot
"I learned that identical emotions do not spring up in the hearts of all men simultaneously, by a pre-established order. Later on I discovered that, whenever I had read for too long and was in a mood for conversation, the friend to whom I would be burning to say something would at that moment have finished indulging himself in the delights of conversation, and wanted nothing now but to be left to read undisturbed." - Marcel Proust
"When I read the Bible I picture you as Jesus, so maybe fainting in a church was a metaphor after all." - Sally Rooney
"Betrayals rarely come from an enemy." - Aniekee Tochukwu Ezekiel
"You will always fail to lose me." - Natalie C. Parker
"An enemy can partly ruin a man, but it takes a good-natured injudicious friend to complete the thing and make it perfect." - Mark Twain
"When my best friends had babies we were lucky that our friendships preexisted our new charges by decades. We never forgot who we once were to each other whilst embracing who we’d become. I may not have been able to see myself after my daughters birth but my best friends never lost sight of me." - Pandora Sykes
"Gentle, honest, heart-to-heart conversations—the deep kind that reach inside your soul to fan at dying embers, making them glow and emit warmth that soothes both flesh and mind—are worth more than the combined wealth of universes." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"A man practices the art of adventure when he breaks the chain of routine and renews his life through reading new books, traveling to new places, making new friends, taking up new hobbies and adopting new viewpoints" - Wilfred Peterson
"Let your books be your best friends." - Lailah Gifty Akita
"إن الأعداء يفيدوننا أكثر مما يفيدنا الأصدقاء لأنهم لا يفتاون يتحدثون عنا!" - سعد مكاوي
"De verdad, si yo supiera escribir poemas, escribiría uno que dijera que mi hogar es cualquier lugar donde mi amigo esté" - Fernando Molano Vargas
"He said that the blood was not his own, but that of a comrade a few feet away who had been blown apart by an enemy grenade. And after having left the rice paddies of Vietnam, he eventually took up residence in the pew of a small mid-western church. For he said that he had been covered by the blood of one friend in combat and by blood of another on a cross in another sort of combat. And such was his love for both that he committed to forget neither." - Craig D. Lounsbrough
"Let your sacred companion be Jesus Christ." - Lailah Gifty Akita
"Don’t talk bad about someone to me, or talk about the bad things they do, if you will not talk about us finding a way of helping them to do right, but you talk ,because you want to be seen as an angel and them as the devil." - De philosopher DJ Kyos
"Friends are tonic that energize your soul" - Udai Yadla
"When we want better families, better neighbors, better friends, and better schools we shall turn our backs on national and global systems, on expert experts and specialist specialties and begin to make our own schools one by one, far from the reach of systems." - John Taylor Gatto
"May Christ your best companion." - Lailah Gifty Akita
"It was freeing in a way, to have a family built on love by choice and not relational obligation." - Amanda Cox
"If you recall our first meeting, you should remember that I need no help if I want to kill you with my bare hands. My friends are here to prevent me from doing that." - Mary Jo Putney
"Your neighbour is your nearest friend." - Lailah Gifty Akita
"Starting at a new school kind of stinks. Even if everyone is pretty cool. But it’s not the same. At my old school me and my friends started a club called Paranormal Appreciation Society. How could I ever find anything that cool again?" - Julie   Murphy
"To have one loyal friend is far better than many fake friends." - Lailah Gifty Akita
"The only milkshake I haven’t tried is the doomsday one. I hope I never need to drink that one" - Shivani Mehrotra
"The quality of the friends you keep is much more important than the quantity." - Christine E. Szymanski
"It confirmed something Elizabeth had long suspected: all these years, Elena had been building up credit. Perhaps she’d honestly wanted to help, perhaps she’d been motivated by kindness. But even so, she’d been keeping a running tally of everything she’d ever done for Elizabeth, too, every bit of support she’d given, and now she expected to be repaid. Elena thought she was owed this, Elizabeth realized suddenly; she thought it was a question of fairness, about getting what she deserved under the rules." - Celeste Ng
"We call them ‘best friends,’ but the moment they do something we don’t like, we demote them from their position." - Lindsey-Anne Pontes
"When you have a Billion dollars vision, don’t surround yourself with one cent minds." - Deeksha Arora
"Treasure your books as your best friends." - Lailah Gifty Akita
"He sat back, his head against the door of the building. Meche, in turn, rested her head against his shoulder. For others, it might have been an intimate gesture. Maybe it was, but not in the way most people might think. Meche and Sebastian were used to each other, comfortable in their proximity. They folded and kept their dreams in the same drawer, spun fantasies side by side, lived in the easy harmony of youth which did not know the need for tall walls and sturdy defenses." - Silvia Moreno-Garcia
"The principle of optimal distinctiveness: we look for ways to fit in and stand out. A popular way to achieve optimal distinctiveness is to join a unique group.... Studies show that people identify more strongly with individuals and groups that share unique similarities. The more rare a group, value, interest, skill, or experience is, the more likely it is to facilitate a bond. And research indicates that people are happier in groups that provide optimal distinctiveness." - Adam Grant
"Hold on to your good friends, less is more" - Margo Vader
"Do you know that some people hate you because somebody lied to them about you." - Jordan Hoechlin
"Remember, a good friend helps you move, but a great friend helps you move a dead body." - Fredrik Backman
"It’s knowing the world might be a trash fire, but it’s less trash when there are people to help navigate the darkness." - Marisa Kanter
"Fights between good friends are a bit like lightning: a flash of anger and then it's fine." - Roshani Chokshi
"As your life evolves, so should your circle." - Izey Victoria Odiase
"You’re your loyal, set yourself free!" - Sijdah Hussain
"Friends are the family that had other mothers. To really live a fulfilled life, hold your friends close and do the work to stay connected." - Tracy A. Malone
"That was real love − a man you were so excited to see that you didn’t even glance in a mirror to check your hair or make-up before you threw yourself on him." - Lindsey Kelk
"One and one makes two,' she declared. 'And two halves make a whole. And Faithful Friends should be together, never kept apart." - P.L. Travers
"Finding Caroline was like placing a personal ad for an imaginary friend, then having her show up at your door funnier and better than you had conceived. Apart, we had each been frightened drunks and aspiring writers and dog lovers; together, we became a small corporation." - Gail Caldwell
"Some people get a lot of pleasure from sharing their success with those who were adamant that they would not or would never succeed, but get very little or even no pleasure from sharing their success with those who have supported them." - Mokokoma Mokhonoana
"First we molt," - Craig Froman
"Earning a long standing and loving position in the hearts and minds of your favorite woman/man, friends or spouses is a treasure and very valuable than any material possession." - nick catricala
"don't feel so loved, that's not how it seems." - Jordan Hoechlin
"No backpacks,’ she said, cutting me off as I opened my mouth to defend myself. ‘I don’t give two shits what Vogue says, you’re not in high school, you’re not Cara Delevingne, no backpacks." - Lindsey Kelk
"Don't doubt yourself if others can't comprehend your situation. There will always be scenarios in your life others know nothing about." - Torron-Lee Dewar
"The more you grow, the fewer friends you want to have." - Robert Celner
"Friendships need nurturing to grow and stay healthy." - Martha Begley Schade
"It can be so exciting finding the good in another person" - Martha Begley Schade
"I like to think of friends as ships on the ocean, that's why we call them friendships." - Eric DeSio
"Faith unites as one family." - Lailah Gifty Akita
"It’s a sense of satisfaction because I proved all my friends and relatives wrong." - Nawazuddin Siddique
"Perihal SAHABAT." - Niknik Gantini
"... I really have no circle of acquaintances outside work. None nonfictional or unrelated to me, anyway. I'm busy. There are a lot of books to read." - H.G. Parry
"Writers and their book characters share a magical bond that makes them friends forever." - Jacqui Shepherd
"Typos and type shifts can change true friends into thorough fiends." - Stewart Stafford
"Diaries can be best friends of any human being. They are always there. They are patient. They don't judge after you tell them about your fears, insecurities or secrets. Moreover, they don't call you a 'Bitch' or 'Slut' straight in your face." - Kanika Saini
"Friendship can only succeed when its conditions are fulfilled, and he who fulfils all or some of these conditions may be befriended, and if not, then do not attribute any of your friendship to him. The first of these conditions is that he should treat you in public the same as he treats you in private. Secondly, that your source of pride is a source of pride for him, and your source of shame is a source of shame for him too. Thirdly, that neither friendship [with others] nor wealth should render him envious of you. Fourthly, that he must not prevent you from obtaining that which you have the capacity for, and fifthly – and this sums up all the other qualities – that he must not give up on you in times of misfortune." - Imam Sadiq [ Grandson of the Prophet Muhammad]
"What we search for in a work of architecture is not in the end so far from what we search for in a friend." - Alain de Botton
"My wife's an incredible woman. She's loving and devoted and caring. And don't tell her I said this, but the woman's always right... I love my wife more than anything in this world. And I... it kills me that I can't give her a baby... I really want a kid. And when that day finally comes, I'll learn how to be a good dad. But my wife... she's already there. She's a mother... without a baby..." - Chandler Bing, FRIENDS
"In the end, we made enemies with our heads, but we unmade them with our hearts." - Kiera Cass
"A friend to all, is not a friend to anyone." - Mike Skinner
"It is a blessing to know a free woman. Sometimes she will stop by and hold up a mirror for you. She will help you remember who you are." - Glennon Doyle
"And I learn that maybe I don't suck at Peopling as much as I suspected. We stay up past my watch. We play way longer than we should. But hey, nobody's thinking about bad dreams anymore." - Amie Kaufman
"Hanging around the small minded eventually makes us small minded. The plant only grows as big as the environment it's in." - Torron-Lee Dewar
"It's like one of those summer nights with your friends by the ocean. You're drinking straight from the bottle, singing the memories of the best years and for just that night you're infinite. You're exactly where you're supposed to be. There is no future. You have earned the present." - Charlotte Eriksson
"People can surprise you when you suffer through grief. It's not true that you discover who your friends are, but it's true to say that their characters are revealed." - Cecelia Ahern
"Tears of our own appears like blood, but tears of unknown feels like just water." - Amit Kalantri
"A friend who turned into an enemy thinks of you more than a friend who turned into just an acquaintance." - Amit Kalantri
"Who can comprehend my torment, my sleepless nights, my flirtation with suicide? After all, haven’t I everything one could wish: money, friends, family, a beautiful and charming wife, renown, respectability? Who will comfort me? Who refrain from asking the obvious question: “What more can you want?" - Irvin D. Yalom
"If the world ended the day after tomorrow, I would not go to my death without first knowing I’d done everything I could to save my friend." - Rick Riordan
"Let us love this distance which is thoroughly woven with friendship, since those who do not love each other are not separated" - Simone Weil
"It's the muddle-headed loyalty of friends and relations that makes a detective's life so difficult." - Agatha Christie
"Our mistakes and misfortunes are more tolerable than the comments and criticism of our friends and family." - Amit Kalantri
"I am more than tricky when there's a chance to see my friends in greater misery." - Dante Alighieri
"Your smile is what I need at" - Lidia Longorio
"I miss you" - Lidia Longorio
"Singing your favorite songs at the top of your lungs with a friend in the driver’s seat can do wonders on a broken heart." - Lidia Longorio
"One of the most selfish things you can do to someone you love is make them your happiness." - Lidia Longorio
"Then you get pubic hair and everything changes. Pubic hair signals the beginning of your demise. After pubic hair comes high school, college, work. By the time you've started working, you're ruined. And you will never make a friend as completely and easily as you did when you still wiped your nose on your sleeve. ~ 91" - Augusten Burroughs
"Determination is charmingly refreshing on you, Robert, I must say."" - Maddy Kobar
"There's no need to tell me I'm not brave enough to be in Gryffindor, Malfoy's already done that," Neville choked out." - J.K. Rowling
"Books,' Papa often said, 'are the truest friends." - Melissa Coleman
"He was like a friend made on board ship, on the high seas; now we had come to his home port." - Evelyn Waugh
"It is necessary we know that we need each other." - Lailah Gifty Akita
"What you are, comes on the table one day" - Dr. Mir Shahid Satar
"Political power turns your friends round so you could see the other side of them. ~Nkwachukwu Ogbuagu" - Nkwachukwu Ogbuagu
"But now I’m standing here today knowing that I have everything I’m ever going to need. You are my family." - Phoebe Buffay, FRIENDS
"I hope we remember" - Donna Goddard
"We have to pull out all the stops in welcoming the refugee and the immigrant, in getting to know those who live around us, in showing love to our neighbors. We can't afford to isolate people anymore. We can't afford to push folks to the fringes of our society." - Shawn Smucker
"What'd I miss?" he asks." - Meagan Brandy
"A frenemy can be more destructive than an enemy." - Angel Moreira
"But it was in the nearly silent times that the real strength of their bond was evident. A friend who understands everything without being told is the rarest and best kind of friend." - William Joyce
"I think it takes a certain level of trust to sit next to someone and not feel the pressing urge to babble away. My dad once told me that the way a person responds to silence reveals a lot about them." - Elle Kennedy
"Fools convince themselves their enemies are their true friends." - Jeff Wheeler
"Who needs enemies With friends like these?" - Soroosh Shahrivar
"A gardener is like a prophet looking out on a barren land and saying, ‘I see corn on that hill, and beans beneath the grove, and lavender in the field, and over there some roses by the brick wall.’ Don’t you think that’s what a good friend should be like? A truly good friend is one who can look at our bare lives and see the fruit of what will one day come from deep inside us." - Craig Froman
"Of course I’m up,” I grumble, rubbing my eyes. “How am I supposed to sleep when you two fucktards are standing at the foot of my bed talking about angels blowing their loads?” Garrett snickers. “Like I’m the first one to ever wonder about that." - Elle Kennedy
"Two are better than one. Hold fast to your life partner." - Lailah Gifty Akita
"Grievers often bear the disproportionate burden of needing to “teach” others how to support them in grief... and not everybody is a willing or capable “student." - Shelby Forsythia
"So. I think I just met The Beggar."" - Colleen Hoover
"Revenge gets you nowhere and achieves nothing. It only satisfies the flesh. Let it go." - Dele Andersen
"Where all her other friends had disappeared to was a mystery she had no interest in solving." - Nicole Flattery
"when you give love..." - Salina Yoon
"Sometimes you have to suffer in life, not because you were bad, but because you didn't realize where and when to stop being good." - Jordan Hoechlin
"We almost always want variety from the food we eat, but almost never from the people with whom we eat." - Mokokoma Mokhonoana
"Be prepared to lose some relatives and friends during the COVID-19 pandemic." - Steven Magee
"Love comes in many ways and no love from others is ever the same as the other." - Jonathan Anthony Burkett
"If we were on Friends, who do you think 'd be?" I wonder aloud." - Jacqueline E. Smith
"If we were on Friends, who do you think I'd be?" I wonder aloud." - Jacqueline E. Smith
"Lord teach us to love another." - Lailah Gifty Akita
"Change, although uncomfortable and oftentimes difficult, is a necessary part of any individual's life." - Jonathan Anthony Burkett
"Troubles that lurk in the darkness of our own thoughts often feel gigantic. It's not until we expose these shadowy monsters to the light, by telling our friends, that they shrivel to a more manageable size. Whatever your problem is, you'll not be free of it by hiding." - Kathleen Baldwin
"Have you told anyone?” asked Kara. “Your parents?" - Beth Goobie
"He wasn’t even going to get them to apologize to you!” Kara fumed. “He was just going to ignore you, like you weren’t hardly even involved. But you told him, Maddy! You told him just fine!" - Beth Goobie
"War, like death, is a great leveller, and mutual suffering and endurance had made us all friends." - Mary Seacole
"It is challenging to fly with eagles when you have been walking with turtles." - Amit Kalantri
"She loves you, too,” Wendy said softly, and put a light squeeze on the back of Luke’s sunburned neck." - Stephen King
"I think I might just go out back for awhile, and sit under that big tree. I feel empty inside. I never felt so empty." - Stephen King
"It sometimes happens that we find ourselves interested from the first glance in complete strangers, even before we have spoken to them." - Fyodor Dostoyevsky
"It's going to be okay. I'll make friends, and if I don't, I'll borrow books from the library." - Kelly Yang
"Home and I are such good friends." - L.M. Montgomery
"The possibilities of making new friends help to make life very fascinating" - L.M. Montgomery
"Of course we're here. You stop the world when your friend needs you." - Rachel Winters
"A true friend is rare" - Matt Haig
"Problem solving is an everyday occurrence in life." - Asa Don Brown
"After this she paid him a daily visit — always under the conviction that they were great enemies. 'Oh yes, we're intimate enemies,' Ralph used to say; and he accused her freely — as freely as the humor of it would allow — of coming to worry him to death. In reality they became excellent friends, Henrietta much wondering that she should never have liked him before. Ralph liked her exactly as much as he had always done; he had never doubted for a moment that she was an excellent fellow.They talked about everything and always differed . . ." - Henry James
"Friends are the family that had other mothers. To really live a fulfilled life, hold your friends close and do the work to stay connected." - Tracy Malone
"Well, now, you see, I have a firm policy that I never drink hot cocoa by myself. It's against my religion."" - Libba Bray
"A friend is our alter ego." - Zeno of Citium
"I am eternally grateful to those friends and others who gave me more than I could give to them. Memories of them are etched in my heart and will remain there forever." - R.J. Intindola
"Things such as the idea of family and that of friendship are a sign of spiritual barbarism." - Mokokoma Mokhonoana
"I have ‘like minds.’ You know, I’ve been fortunate to play in Los Angeles, where there are a lot of people like me. Actors. Musicians. Businessmen. Obsessives. People who feel like God put them on earth to do whatever it is that they do. Now, do we have time to build great relationships? Do we have time to build great friendships? No. Do we have time to socialize and to hang out aimlessly? No. Do we want to do that? No. We want to work. I enjoy working." - Kobe Bryant
"Heaven deliver me from my friends!" - Henry James
"You may have herd the Yuman frase, What are frends for? Well, I will tell you. Frends are for, when your hole Groop terns its baks on you, here comes your frend, Fox 7, of who I spoke of erlyer, as being the first Fox I ever spoke Yuman to, troting up beside you." - George Saunders
"You call me friend? I’ve never had any friends, but I am positive this isn’t how they treat one another. I’m not a pet. I’m not your slave. I am a human being... You cannot take my freedom." - K. Weikel
"Most people would rather be boring than be bored." - Mokokoma Mokhonoana
"They call the Kurds; 'The world's largest nation without a state." - Jahanshah Safari
"You can't live on friends, try it and see how cool they'll grow. He hasn't any business, has he? (Aunt March.)" - Louisa May Alcott
"It seemed like you could know me. Like you could understand anything I told you. And the more we spoke, I knew why. The same things excited us. The same things concerned us." - Jay Asher
"We went to different schools, but none-the-less, he was my very first friend." - Brett M. Cordes
"Wesley soon realized how silly it was to be afraid of his new friend just because he didn’t look like him. And the old man in the houseboat realized how wonderful it was to meet a new friend in such an unexpected place." - Michelle  Porter
"Magda had always understood Viv, even at school when there was barely any Viv to know yet, just a passel of immature reflexes drawn from her parents, her grandma’s cultural revolution horror stories, and the science-fiction section of the public library." - Max Gladstone
"The biggest #mistake of the average person: "#Friends are the ones who #like me." . True is: "Friends are those who approve of my moral #values." No Friends beyond the borders of #morality. Our greatest friends may be people we don't know. -- Petar Nikolov 1604.911.bg" - Petar Nikolov
"Friends are family we have chosen ourselves." - Dahi Tamara Koch
"When we were little, best friends could be your everything." - Amy Spalding
"DON'T TAKE IT PERSONAL" - Qwana M. "BabyGirl" Reynolds-Frasier
"DON'T LET THE THINGS THAT LOWER YOU, COVER YOU!" - Qwana M. "BabyGirl" Reynolds-Frasier
"To all my friends that have the unfortunate destiny of dying from COVID-19: It was nice knowing you." - Steven Magee
"We have to be cautious of who we allow in our circle because a frenemy can be more destructive than an enemy." - Angel Moreira
"In social networks, the function of "friends" is primarily to heighten narcissism by granting attention, as consumers, to the ego exhibited as a commodity." - Byung-Chul Han
"Being emotionally undercut by some friends, can feel like a physical uppercut to the chin, when deep down you just weren't ready for it, again." - Curtis Tyrone Jones
"How discouraging to watch your friends enjoying something you are too afraid to try. Do not underestimate such discouragement. It can be just as present in adulthood as you see friends taking on careers, travel, moves, and relationships that you would fear. Yet deep inside you also know you have the same or more talent, desire, and potential." - Elaine N. Aron
"Man does not really love social media; he merely hates boredom and loneliness." - Mokokoma Mokhonoana
"Our friends are often secretly made happy, or less unhappy, by their finding out about our problems, because that reminds them that they are not the only ones who have problems; that some people’s problems are way bigger than theirs; or that some people, unlike them, have real problems." - Mokokoma Mokhonoana
"Some confidants have wings and a beak, or four legs and a tail." - Mokokoma Mokhonoana
"It is not easy to keep a friend convinced that you still deserve to be kept as a friend, especially if you hate lying." - Mokokoma Mokhonoana
"In many cases, though days are dark, friends are still many; it is just that many of them are also having dark days." - Mokokoma Mokhonoana
"We Indians have to keep aside our December for friends who've settled abroad." - Nitya Prakash
"You look beautiful.” Lindsay giggles, checks Elody out in the rearview. “There are some bagels under your butt, beautiful.” “Mmm, butt bagels.” Elody reaches into the bag and pulls out a bagel, half squashed, then makes a big deal of taking an enormous bite out of it. “Tastes like Victoria’s Secret.” “Tastes like thong floss,” I say. “Tastes like crack,” Lindsay says. “Tastes like fart,” Elody says, and Lindsay spits coffee on the dashboard, and I start laughing and can’t stop, and all the way to school we’re thinking of flavors for butt bagels, and I’m thinking that this—my life, my friends—might be weird or screwy or imperfect or damaged or whatever, but it’s never seemed better to me." - Lauren Oliver
"We often want to hear, not what is true, but what we want to hear." - Mokokoma Mokhonoana
"Our friends are friends with us not for us but for themselves." - Mokokoma Mokhonoana
"If you ever get another friend" - Margaret H. Oliver
"Look to the religion and NOT to the people!" - Patricia Canbolat
"A baby is as pure and clear as water, but parents, friends a society paint them with colors. How they will grow up completely depends on the painters." - ApolloM
"The chair grates against the tile floor as I scoot backward against the door, and both of us wince, catch ourselves wincing, and laugh." - Lauren Oliver
"As long as we love, there will always be Christmas." - Lailah Gifty Akita
"Not need to meet close friends every time they can convey mind to mind ." - pranita deshpande
"Are your friends TRULY your friends? If you didn’t have what you have, or do the things that you do for them, would you still have all of your so-called friends? Do they like you for YOU, or do they like what you can offer them? It’s time to be honest with yourself and face your truth. Fake friendships aren’t welcome here!" - Stephanie Lahart
"This warmth... This touch... This whispered chorus of voices echoing through my heart. They bring solace. Even as I drift farther into the unknown of this dark abyss, I'm not afraid, because I feel you near. Your courage, strength and hope are all mine. With them, I can escape and fight my way back to you." - Imania Margria
"Happiness is quality time with friends and family. Incorporate higgle to everyday life to guarantee it." - Jessica Joelle Alexander
"I have always believed that raising kids means more than just being a good parent and trying to do the right things. it means surrounding your kids with amazing people who can bring science experiments and jam cookies, laughter, and joy, and beautiful experiences into their lives." - Karina Yan Glaser
"My dragon doesn't want me to have friends. He tells me shy is good because shy is safe. But being all by myself at recess isn't fun." - Jan Esh & Stephen Nauta
"I TRASHED MY PARENTS HOUSE TO LOOK LIKE I HAD HAD A PARTY WHY THEY WERE OUT OF TOWN…" - Frank Warren
"Es lo que le debe América a Napoleón. En aquel instante sonó una doble campanada de independencia: una, en España misma, para expulsar a Bonaparte, y otra, en América, para expulsar al régimen español. Los hispanos derrotarán a Napoleón, pero serán derrotados en América por los hombres de sus colonias: He aquí la epopeya de la libertad en sus dos fases: la faz peninsular, por su independencia, y la faz americana, por la suya propia." - Alfonso Rumazo González
"I always wait a few days before returning e-mails from my friends because I don't want them to think I have nothing better to do" - Frank Warren
"I caused the marriage break up." - Dele Andersen
"Those who have no friends are selfish. Those who have good friends are kind. Those who have great friends are honest." - Maxime Lagacé
"I haven't lost it; I just haven't found it yet." - Zach Coughlin
"I'm not stupid, I just look stupid." - Paul Madsen
"Noatalgia Nalan believed there were two families in this world:relatives formed blood family;and friends,the water family.If your blood family happened to be nice and caring,you could count your lucky stars and make the most of it; and if not,there was still hope; things could take a turn for the better once you are old enough to leave your home sour home." - Elif Shafak
"Solitude is not the only possible parent of boredom: we sometimes find ourselves bored to death while we are with someone, a few people, or even many people." - Mokokoma Mokhonoana
"Friendship is not something that you seek but something that finds you." - Mokokoma Mokhonoana
"And then I went to college, and I met people who, for whatever reason, decided to be my friends, and they taught me - everything, really. They made me, and make me, into someone better than I really am." - Hanya Yanagihara
"If I had to count my blessings one day, I will count you a thousand times." - Akash S. Bansal
"There are many names, but few friends." - Mladen Đorđević
"If you were born alone to die alone - socializing is not a must - when you haven't built a society within yourself." - Kangoma Kindembo
"Poe hesitated before he asked, "So the two of you aren't..."" - Rebecca Roanhorse
"Judy Blume: Some books you never forget. Some characters become your friends for life." - Anita Silvey
"Sometimes a woman offers a man friendship out of pity, as a consolation, or as a consolation prize, for his failure to make her want him, or at least agree to be in a relationship with him." - Mokokoma Mokhonoana
"Many a man once started a friendship with a woman just to get into her life, with the sole intention of making her his girlfriend as soon as he could." - Mokokoma Mokhonoana
"A friend is way less likely than a boyfriend or girlfriend to make us pretend to be someone we are not; or that our family is a good family, or way better, or way less crazy or dysfunctional than it actually is." - Mokokoma Mokhonoana
"I love you all too much. You have no idea how much." - Sam Humphries
"Treat your FRIENDS as you do your pictures, and PLACE THEM IN THEIR BEST LIGHT!" - Jennie Jerome Churchill, Mother of Sir Winston Churchill
"Of all the hardships he had to face, none were as painful as feeling lonely among 800 Facebook friends." - Gagandeep Reehal
"You won't see or know the people who hate you , until you become successful. The more successful you become. The more their hate." - De philosopher DJ Kyos
"If you hear ‘I will show you pepper’, you are very fortunate. If he shows you his pepper, show him your tomatoes; he shows you his ginger, you show him your onions. With these ingredients, you are on your way to becoming friends on spicy pot of stew." - Vincent Okay Nwachukwu
"I'll Be There For You" - Suraj
"I'll Be There For You"" - Suraj
"I'll Be There For You" - Suraj
"If we live only for a moment, we must enjoy that moment to the fullest by remembering those who have loved us and those we have loved." - Diamond Mike Watson
"Never underestimate the strength or size of someone peeping on you." - Kangoma Kindembo
"Intelligent, sensitive friends who have a deep love for us are, besides one of the greatest riches that we can have, among the clearest manifestations of the divine in the world." - Luigina Sgarro
"If you can't keep it, don't wish for it." - Krishna Saagar Rao
"People who love me. Love me with my flaws. But, because I love them too. I am choosing to work on my flaws , by not repeating my mistakes and fixing any faults I am doing. I am choosing in working on myself, so that they don’t have to put up with me, but they will be happy in accepting me .The way I am." - De philosopher DJ Kyos
"You can be a friend to someone who is to you not a friend." - Mokokoma Mokhonoana
"Among other things, friendship is a mutual fight against solitude and boredom." - Mokokoma Mokhonoana
"We, when invited to hang out with and by our friend, are often a Plan B, a Plan C, or even a Plan P." - Mokokoma Mokhonoana
"Another common use of a friend is as a bag of skin that converts, into usually meaningful sounds, the vibrations we make when we talk about our problems." - Mokokoma Mokhonoana
"My nickname at school was ‘Gooey’." - Steven Magee
"Friends help you move. Real friends help you move bodies. True friends help you move the bodies of those who turned out not to have been friends to begin with." - Jeff Mach
"I hope that in the future... we’re as close as we are now... always." - Ichigo Takano
"The treasure is not only gold, silver, gems, etc. The most important treasure of this world is family and friends." - Tamuna Tsertsvadze
"A true family can find each other anywhere. For genuine bonds, time and distance don't matter." - Tamuna Tsertsvadze
"They all get the crazy idea that whoever has the most friends wins. One is enough." - Adachitoka
"Friends are a family in a world like this. And family is more important than anything under heaven." - Jay Kristoff
"I have got a couple of people by my side... on my fingertips!" - Tahreem Rahat
"Life is long and kind of boring sometimes. One of the best ways to make your time on earth suck less is to surround yourself with cool people. People who make you happy. People who you have fun with. People who make you feel important. And you're super smart and interesting, and you want cool things for yourself, and that kind of narrows down the pool of people who you'll accept into your life" - Bethany Rutter
"How they became friends was no great mystery, but now they remained so, braided together beyond their shared college quarters, this transcended the usual alchemy of optimism and obligation that kept friendships intact, kept people from fading into other categories: old friend, college friend, just someone I once knew. None of the four would ever be just anything to the others..." - Elizabeth Ames, The Other's Gold
"It was soothing to sit with life-long friends, the cacophony of bar sounds around us while we caught up on our lives and talked about the glory days of high school. My life since then had been on an accelerated trajectory, not always aimed in the best direction. I acquired a sense of well-being from those friends who married their high school sweethearts, set up housekeeping a stone's throw from where they grew up, and kept the heartbeat of small-town living beating rhythmically." - Debi Tolbert Duggar
"Cats and dogs are said to be sworn enemies, but I don't believe it. I think we get to choose our enemies, just like we choose our friends." - Lauren Myracle
"Only an enemy will stab you from behind." - Lailah Gifty Akita
"You will misjudge someone if you see them through the eyes of another." - Giovannie de Sadeleer
"Sometimes everyone needed to be around that friend who loved you no matter what, despite your colossal, irreversible character flaws. Not family, he thought, because they have to love you, but a friend dealing with the absurdities of life just like him, and who has chosen him to share them with." - Layton Green
"I couldn't ever blame them for trying to get me to shop with them or ship for myself or simply enjoy my money - this was a behavior many people learned and exhibited in all kinds of circumstances in their lives. In my own life, I'd had friends who would hand me another drink and encourage me to stay out all night. I'd had friends who suggested we switch to drugs so we could stay awake longer. I'd also had friends who would happily skip a workout and suggest we split a large pizza instead. Now I had friends who tried to justify why I should buy things for myself." - Cait Flanders
"do you know what is lonelier than never having anyone? It is believing you had someone, but then it turns out that the person you thought was your closest friend never was." - Jo Nesbø
"Always respect imaginary friends. They're on twenty-four hour call, and you're not." - Helen Christie
"High altitude workers are typically recruited from all over the world and relocated to the remote astronomical observatory area. The downside to this is that it isolates them from their existing friends and family." - Steven Magee
"family second and God first, then friends." - Jordan Hoechlin
"एहसान नहीं एहसास है तेरी दोस्ती," - Anu mehta
"What’s your ability again?” I asked Brendan at breakfast the next morning. With so few memories to clog my brain, I shouldn’t have forgotten this quickly." - Becky Moynihan
"Be specially polite to people who annoy you. True feelings are for true friends." - K.J. Parker
"My feeling was that there are no victories when you're a geek. Actually, I take that back. There is a victory: you still have your friends, and you've gotten through the experience alive. That's the biggest victory you can have in high school." - Paul Feig
"Friend love and bird love forever." - Celia C. Pérez
"Because you simply can't sit back and allow your best friend to date an animal man of your own creation and say nothing. You can't. And say nothing? That would be just wrong, on so many levels." - Mona Awad
"Friends for life eh? Why? How long do I have left?" - Christina Engela
"Sister Agnes knew if she told you, you’d run off and do what you’re doing now." - Jody Hedlund
"You will know from your friends and their conversation. Many people pretend to be civilized and having a sober status, but actually, they are the most ordinary, uncivilized, and street people. Only low and cheap mentality people bear such sort of friends." - Ehsan Sehgal
"On Adventure – “Adventure” is the word we give life-threatening, perilous situations when we’re sitting by the fire afterwards recounting them to our friends, family and skeptical strangers." - Marsha Hinds
"Friends and our parasympathetic nervous system”: I had a few friends visiting us yesterday and I noticed how quickly my nervous system settled down once we all sat on the couch and started talking. Upon reflecting, here are two point of what I took from this: 1. When we have (good) friends around, we cant check our emails, talk to our partners about financial issues, worry about the future or get busy. Our friends ask us to bring our attention to the here and now experience. 2. Our friends help us to remember our interdependent nature. That we belong to something that is bigger then just our spouse and children. That we are tribal. Both these points have to do with our “social” part of our parasympathetic nervous system, especially the Ventral Vagal complex- which is how we slow ourselves enough to Establish connections." - Shahar Rabi
"A speaker of truth has no friends.'" - African Proverb
"All the good are friends of one another." - Zeno of Citium
"You can always befriend an enemy if you stay kind, give them a second chance, and make them understand why you did it. Be trustful, but not naïve." - Tamuna Tsertsvadze
"Build good fences, make good friends, and keep your laundry indoors." - A.J. Hackwith
"You're brave and smart and kind and I'd be a fool not to trust you." - Chuck Wendig
"Cassidy and I wouldn’t be friends if we met today. She’s blunt, even when she shouldn’t be. She’s cynical to the point of perpetual gloom. Her interest in culture begins and ends with fashion magazines—hence the gloom. She’s still the best friend I’ve ever had. We’re there for each other in a way no one else is. That’s what counts, not the music she listens to or the books she doesn’t read." - A.O. Monk
"Pokraj sebe imamo ljude o kojima mislimo da znamo sve, a zapravo ne znamo ništa o njima..." - Donato Carrisi
"People will use you," - Ratish Edwards
"His gaze drops to my lips. I want to kiss him, and it’s getting harder and harder to remember why I shouldn’t. But when he shifts, my immediate reflex is to break the connection and turn away." - Eden Finley
"You're a fresh one, Nick.' ~ John Cole" - Trenton Lee Stewart
"It’s about loving someone and seeing them as a part of your family. I think some people have the capacity to see different people as part of their family and some don’t." - Hal Schrieve
"Can we choose to disagree on something without fighting or hating each other , because of our difference." - De philosopher DJ Kyos
"They traveled in one group, like children inside a camel costume." - Meg Wolitzer
"I want to make it clear to the high altitude astronomy community: We are not friends." - Steven Magee
"মোটাসোটা লোকে খোঁজে সুতীক্ষ্ণ ইস্পাত পাতে" - Bob Dylan
"And that’s the end,” she" - Virginia Woolf
"ನಿಮ್ಮ ನಾಲಿಗೆಯಿಂದ ನೀವು ನನ್ನ ಬೆವರುವಿಕೆಯನ್ನು ಮುಟ್ಟಿದ್ದೀರಿ" - Malay Roychoudhury
"আমার কেউ নয় ওরা যারা দেশ ছেড়ে চলে যায়" - Anna Akhmatova
"হত্যাকাণ্ড" - Tridib Mitra
"It helped us both—shared failure is always a comfort." - Katherine Reay
"...drinking hard liquor in good company can be great fun, sipping wine in bad company can be a complete misery. I chose my liquor, like I chose my company, the way it makes me feel." - Anya Stassiy
"What we dream and what schemes we have for our lives may differ, but for now we are friends" - Mukta Singh-Zocchi
"...don’t limit your options to only people who share your interests. You might take a painting class and find that you actually love painting, and plus, you might show an artiste type that they actually love science, too. Interests overlap, and sometimes you’ll find people who you like in the unlikeliest of places. It’s never a bad idea to broaden your horizons. In the end, you may find that your best friends are people you met on a knitting website." - Andrew T. Kelly
"I remembered the last time Emily and I had tried looking ourselves up as a joke. Her top result had been some sort of beauty blogger on YouTube and mine had been a porn star. We had laughed ourselves silly over it. Now, when I looked up my name, the first page of results was actually all me." - Rachael Arsenault
"One faithful friend is better than thousand fake friends." - Lailah Gifty Akita
"Friends are family because when necessary, they demonstrate the attributes of a family." - Mohith Agadi
"But in the midst of the freedom he had attained Harry suddenly became aware that his freedom was a death and that he stood alone. The world in an uncanny fashion left him in peace. Other men concerned him no longer. He was not even concerned about himself. He began to suffocate slowly in the more and more rarefied atmosphere of remoteness and solitude. For now it was his wish no longer, nor his aim, to be alone and independent, but rather his lot and his sentence. The magic wish had been fulfilled and could not be cancelled, and it was no good now to open his arms with longing and goodwill to welcome the bonds of society. People left him alone now. It was not, however, that he was an object of hatred and repugnance. On the contrary, he had many friends. A great many people liked him. But it was no more than sympathy and friendliness. He received invitations, presents, pleasant letters; but no more. No one came near to him. There was on link left, and no one could have had any part in his life even had anyone wished it. For the air of lonely man surrounded him now, a still atmosphere in which the world around him slipped away, leaving him incapable of relationship, an atmosphere against which neither will nor longing availed." - Hermann Hesse
"She'd grown up with few friends. She'd played with the neighborhood boys, chasing pigeons and catching fireflies with them until it was no longer considered proper. By then, the girls in the village scorned her. In front of her mother and father, they pretended to be polite, but Mulan knew what they said about her behind her back." - Elizabeth Lim
"One faithful friend is better than a thousand fake friends." - Lailah  Gifty  Akita
"The moment you pick up a friend, you pick up a speck of life...and your lifespan increases. The longer the queue of friendship, the shorter the one of enmity. ~Nkwachukwu Ogbuagu" - Nkwachukwu Ogbuagu
"I'd shut myself out for so long that I had forgotten how wonderful it felt to be included, to be seen, to be heard." - Savannah Brown
"Iran--this strange and depressing place. This Ayatollah wasteland is where I gather with friends and watch their eyes scream, Let me out!" - Michael Benzehabe
"My past is being burnt down" - Eric Overby
"That's what friends, that's what brethren are for. To be there, where words cannot." - Constantina Maud
"But maybe this isn't how life works. Maybe it's all about people coming into your life for a little while and you take what they give you and use it on your next friendship or relationship. And if you're lucky, maybe some people pop back in after you thought they were gone for good." - Adam Silvera
"friend" is a word whose sharp corners have been worn smooth by overuse." - Grady Hendrix
"I wonder about everyone I meet and everyone I’ve ever met and I wonder how they are, what they’re doing, if they’re happy, if they’re with someone. I hope they are. I hope they're all happy. I hope they're all with someone." - Charlotte Eriksson
"And I'll know people like you,' I went on, 'people who have thoughts in their heads and quick tongues with which to voice them, and we'll sit in cafes and we'll drink together and we'll clash with each other violently in words, and we'll talk for the rest of our lives in devine excitement." - Anne Rice
"The strength of your inner circle defines the radius of your achievements" - Shibaram Mishra
"Because you and me being friends… that’s kind of a scary thought." - Tabitha G. Kelly
"Friendship is something to be built up carefully, by people with leisure, it is an art, nature does not enter into it." - Nancy Mitford
"Black holes might be useful for getting rid of garbage or even some of one's friends." - Stephen Hawking
"Talking about the characters in a book she had enjoyed felt like gossiping about friends." - Laura Lippman
"Should we be enemies to be friends? if the warmness we needed sometimes." - Abhiyanda B
"Luna hated her split tongue. It gave her a slight lisp. Bluebell just thought it was cute." - Rachael Arsenault
"Some won’t understand you. Some won’t support you. Some will leave you. Some won’t even care if you’re down in the dumps. But no matter what others put you through, your Creator will always be there for you. He knows every moment of your struggle. He will compensate you greatly" - David shamala
"I don't have a ton of good friends, but you're one of the best." - Lindsey Ouimet
"Our friends are dead, but their memories remain, like a feather floating in the wind, with care we can preserve it." - Rehan Khan
"Success is sweet, especially when your enemies thought nothing good can come out of your life again." - Bamigboye Olurotimi
"Sometimes, a heart can’t afford to be just friends." - Nitya Prakash
"Some friends are like desert plants." - Chris Ernest Nelson
"Some people are so subtle in shutting you out that you don't even realize you are no longer friends." - Nitya Prakash
"Even though we remain the same person, we have different types of relationships with our parents, children, spouse, relatives, friends, teachers, students, colleagues and neighbours. Each type of relationship fulfils a need which other relationships can’t fulfil. A happy person is one who maintains all types of relationships in life." - Awdhesh Singh
"Whatsapp is a great way to keep in touch with friends who you took great pains not to keep in touch with before its invention." - Nitya Prakash
"That strange vibe you share with someone you used to be friends with." - Nitya Prakash
"I can even say I desire death now because the friends we started to live with have left from this world one by one. 216-217" - mustafa donmez
"They were outcasts. They were a strange, mixed bag created by war, misfortune and contempt. War, misfortune and contempt had brought them together and thrown them onto the bank, the way a river in flood throws and deposits drifting, black pieces of wood smoothed by stones onto its banks." - Andrzej Sapkowski
"Your greatest enemy is he that say's nothing when they know you can help, but go on to do without. Just as he that can help, but does nothing in time of dire need." - Andrew-Knox B Kaniki
"In faith I know not why I am so sad."" - Iris Murdoch
"It's worth investing in good relationships. When you help a friend, they'll be there to help you when you need it. It helps to choose good quality friends. So look for people who are solid, and not just users." - Josh Hatcher
"Taking time to relax every day, spending quality time with friends, and practicing mindfulness are some of the tried and tested ways of developing self-compassion." - Dr Prem Jagyasi
"But the thing with a best friend is that you’re never talking about nothing. Even when you’re talking about nothing, it’s something. The times when you think you’re talking about nothing, you’re actually talking about how you have someone with whom you can talk about nothing, and it’s fine." - Jeff Zentner
"Social media shows us a very unrealistic face of everything. It makes you feel that you have thousands of friends when in reality, you don’t." - Dr Prem Jagyasi
"Our friends, family, co-workers, and neighbors contribute to make us what we are. We should be humble enough to appreciate and accept their respective roles in shaping our persona." - Dr Prem Jagyasi
"I’d say the winner of this debate is the God of Death, who’s now several minutes closer to claiming all of us." - Jeff Zentner
"I thought home needed to be tall and luminous, a glowing building with a luxurious setting. Status. What I failed to understand is home is not where I place my head down at night or the color of my furniture. Home is the people I surrounded myself with, the ones I break bread with. The keepers of my secrets and my fears. It is to be loved and to give love without inhibitions." - Lilliam Rivera
"I don't mean to be such a burden,' I whispered." - Alexandra Bracken (author)
"If your enemies have nothing they can use now to bring you down or to fight you. They always go for your past. It doesn't matter how long it was and they would try it to make it relevant and make it as something that happen recent." - De philosopher DJ Kyos
"Be careful of making friends out of enemies, lest they remember why they didn't like you in the first place." - Nicholas Eames
"You are not really one of some of your friends’ friends." - Mokokoma Mokhonoana
"She was the guest everyone invited when they needed to blend a group of disparate personalities, just as a roux would bind soup or sauce into velvety smoothness." - Lisa Kleypas
"Find a few who stand as many." - Giovannie de Sadeleer
"A shared cup of laughter, dear Reader, is the sunbeam that causes the flower of friendship to open its petals and peep out." - Millie Florence
"If you run a business, please don’t sell to family members or friends on credit. Friends and family members are number on the list of people that can ruin your business. Set very clear boundaries. Do you want to be nice and poor, or do you want to be rich and wicked?" - Olawale Daniel
"Friendship, resembling art and philosophy, is an aspects of life that adds meaning to existence, because you can share in some else’s life, their pains, and joys. The beauty of a friendship is the silences, where you do not need to ask or explain; a friend can just be there in our finest hours or in our times of grief and bereavement." - Kilroy J. Oldster
"A person does not want to lead or follow their friends. Friendship implies a close association, a sharing amongst equals. The difficulty in maintaining a friendship is that no two people are equal, and at some point, one person must concede part of their pride in order to maintain the relationship that is growing lopsided in power or prestige." - Kilroy J. Oldster
"THE INSTRUCTION OF PTAHHOTEP" - Miriam Lichtheim
"Relatives exist so that we can appreciate our friends more." - Nitya Prakash
"In life collect friends; like precious pearls. They are only ones who believed in you when no one else did. They are worthy to be by your side." - Alan Maiccon
"There is sadness and then there is happiness. Happiness does not normally make its prescence felt. You have to go deep and feel the true happiness inside your own heart. Happiness can be our solitude, our loneliness, or a few good friends. You must find your happiness and protect your happiness!" - Avijeet Das
"You can sponsor more people to your network marketing business if you say the truth." - Olawale Daniel
"Then she stood in front of Elizabeth, her hands on her hips. ‘Now, this is the plan.’" - Josephine Moon
"You realize you can actually be friends with a boy, Grandad? Just friends. You don't have to marry them. You can just meet them and chat!" - Rae Earl
"One reason we lose friends is that oftentimes we must push off in different directions in order to attain the ultimate visage of ourselves. Comparable to ships sailing across a robust sea, we might share a common bearing with a friend, until we sail away seeking dissimilar ports of call." - Kilroy J. Oldster
"Later that night, from the comfort of the big moss bed, Artorius gave Mattie’s shoulder a pat. 'I am so sorry about my family,' he said." - AMY WOLF
"A friend is that guy who does not give the least for your money but worries about your progress. We do not see our best friends in this world; we only see them entering into a beautiful state of being in another dimension." - Alan Maiccon
"There’s something special about gathering a few favorite people for a meal. A beautifully set table is the perfect canvas for a delicious meal." - Chantal Larocque
"A true friendship is determined by how well our friends stand by and support us in our toughest and most distressful times and, conversely, how well we support them in their difficult situations." - Nozer Kanga
"You need to ignore some stupid people. If you make yourself available, they take you for granted because they think you'll be always around" - Naveen Vuppala
"You’ll get lunch with your true friends. You’ll make plans to get lunch with your true acquaintances." - ToonHoleChris
"Was looking for honey" - SHIVANGI DHAWAN
"What I'm trying to realize is that it's okay to be different. If everyone were the same, we'd all make the same mistakes. Instead we all face our own things, and that's not so bad because we have people who care about us to help us through. You have that, Keefe. We're all here for you. No matter what." -Sophie Foster" - Shannon Messenger
"You can trust me because I'm your friend, Keralie. And real friends, friends who care about each other, don't lie" - Astrid Scholte
"It's a brave new world, Mr. Portman, And we'll be right behind you." - Ransom Riggs
"Maybe I was afraid of seeing anything as absolute. I wanted to keep moving, like a stream, and I wanted to go on watching everything from a distance." - Banana Yoshimoto
"I was losing friends too quickly, whether by having them stolen or by having them give up on me. It was a terrible feeling." - Sarah K.L. Wilson
"Don’t put off your adventures while you wait for available friends to join." - Francis Shenstone
"how many friends in my life have i already had my last conversation with?" - Jomny Sun
"It's when you have friends that you can afford to be lonely. When you know a lot of people, loneliness becomes a luxury." - Vera Caspary
"When someone’s been gone a long time, at first you save up all the things you want to tell them. You try to keep track of everything in your head. But it’s like trying to hold on to a fistful of sand: all the little bits slip out of your hands, and then you’re just clutching air and grit. That’s why you can’t save it all up like that. Because by the time you finally see each other, you’re catching up only on the big things, because it’s too much bother to tell about the little things. But the little things are what make up life... Is this how people lose touch? I didn’t think that could happen with sisters. Maybe with other people, but never us. Before Margot left, I knew what she was thinking without having to ask; I knew everything about her. Not anymore. I don’t know what the view looks like outside her window, or if she still wakes up early every morning to have a real breakfast or if maybe now that she’s at college she likes to go out late and sleep in late. I don’t know if she prefers Scottish boys to American boys now, or if her roommate snores. All I know is she likes her classes and she’s been to visit London once. So basically I know nothing. And so does she." - Jenny Han
"We bother people with our problem whenever we tell them that we miss them." - Mokokoma Mokhonoana
"My friends' hugs are longer and tighter; consist of extra squeezes and pats, which alternate between a circular rubbing motion and a light pitter-pattering on the back, both of which I find surprisingly comforting." - Cecelia Ahern
"Listening to the advice of parents, relatives and friends can distract your mind from choosing the right career for your life" - Wahid Bhat
"Set yourself free. Forgive that person who did you wrong. Do it for yourself. Living another day with them in your mind is draining, and stifling the wonderful personality you have to offer the people around you." - Ron Baratono
"There are people who help you and people who hurt you. You keep the former. You keep the former until they become the latter and hope that you never hurt the former." - Nafkote Tamirat
"I still cannot believe Gracie is all right with this. It’s a miracle. I’m sort of expecting it to be a big ruse and tomorrow Steph will wake up with meat in her bed spelling ‘Judas’." - Chloe Seager
"He's the best kind of friend. Let's just say I owe that man a coffee."" - D. Nathan Hilliard
"Sweetheart, let’s go back to being just good friends. This ‘part-time lovers’ thing will damage it all and leave behind a loud silence between us." - Nitya Prakash
"You win more friends by granting a favor than by asking for one." - Frank Sonnenberg
"I’m so glad I asked my mom to keep Jade so Brennan could play,” Destiny yelled to Thorne." - Kate Willis
"Seek to build relationships that are in alignment with your dreams. Relationships that'll challenge and inspire you to grow" - Nicky Verd
"Like branches in a tree, we all grow in different directions, yet our roots remain as one." - Suzy Kassem
"She clutched onto Lance just a little tighter, and the idea of home seemed like just a distant, foreign concept. Suddenly, she didn't care if she ever made it back." - Kayla Krantz
"There are three means of refuge from the challenges of life; good music, good friends and good food." - Natasha Potter
"Good friends 'pee' together, but best friends 'puke' together...!!" - Akansh Malik
"It was a happy bubble party." - Kit Chase
"My brothers, I see in your eyes the same fear that would take the heart of me. A day may come when the courage of men fails, when we forsake our friends and break all bonds of fellowship, but it is not this day." - J.R.R. Tolkien
"My brothers, I see in your eyes the same fear that would take the heart of me." - J.R.R. Tolkien
"It's like I often say..."" - Brandon Sanderson
"There are no true friends in politics. We are all sharks, circling, and waiting, for traces of blood to appear in the water." - Alan Clark
"I know I am not an easy person to care for, or an easy friend to have, but you have never once made me feel that way" - Sarah J. Maas
"It’s so much harder, when enemies turn into friends. And the opposite, I suppose. What didn’t I see? What did I overlook or dismiss? It always makes me reassess" - Sarah J. Maas
"There can be different types of bonds in life, with different people. But, no bond is less important than the other. And no matter you may not have a certain kind of bond other people have, you can have other types of bonds those people cannot have." - Tamuna Tsertsvadze
"The three most common killers of friendships are betrayal, distance, and growth." - Mokokoma Mokhonoana
"Ugh... Kids these days. I don’t know where they’re getting these messages. But they all get the crazy idea that whoever has the most friends wins. One is enough. Just find that one, irreplaceable someone." - Adachitoka
"Sometimes a friend is most important, for friends are always there to laugh, cry, travel, see, hide, and feel with the other person. They will always be there. That is the measure of a true person: being a friend. It’s so much more than you think." - Sophia Braun
"There are no strangers here;" - William B. Yates
"I will count my blessings when I am in the doldrums, count to ten when I am quarrelsome, and count on my friends when I need a laugh." - Gina Barreca
"YOU MAY HAVE LOTS OF FRIENDS NOW," - Mouloud Benzadi
"We ought to readily share our successes with those with whom we readily share our problems." - Mokokoma Mokhonoana
"We would never become friends with most if not all of the people with whom we have been friends for many years, if we had met them only a few weeks ago." - Mokokoma Mokhonoana
"Who cares if the people in your life don't like the boundaries you set for yourself? Their happiness is not your responsibility" - Leigh Shulman
"A friend forgives quicker than enemy, and family forgives quicker than a friend." - Amit Kalantri
"You think you’re smart enough, because you’ve spent your whole life building walls In order to protect yourself from monsters." - Samiha Totanji
"A man with good reputation among friends, not necessarily have the same reputation within family." - Amit Kalantri
"Our naivety has left us convinced that the people with whom we sometimes talk about other people behind their backs will never talk about us behind our backs." - Mokokoma Mokhonoana
"A book is a friend that will do what no friend does - be silent when we wish to think." - Will Durant
"This dress won't fit without a twenty-two-inch waist, although just once I'd like to see you down to twenty." - Marissa Meyer
"It was true that she didn't have many friends, not of the flesh-and-blood variety, but the fact did not upset her." - Kate Morton
"It depends on you whether her walls are too high or easy to climb." - Giovannie de Sadeleer
"Sacrifice, surrender, negation, are inherently involved in any great onwardmarching life. They go with any choice that can be made of a rich and intense life. It is impossible to find without losing, to get without giving, to live without dying. But sacrifice, surrender, negation, are never for their own sake; they are never ends in themselves. They are involved in life itself." - Rufus Matthew Jones
"LOVE UNASHAMED" - Donna Goddard
"Heaven makes you family, but a new generation of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors can make you friends." - Gina Barreca
"Being a writer is the only thing whereas an adult it is completely acceptable to have imaginary friends!" - Nyki Mack
"Friends were just liabilities waiting to happen." - K. B. Rainwater
"Friends were just liabilities waiting to happen." - K.B. Rainwater
"We are all alone! But our bonds with our friends and family keep us strong!" - Avijeet Das
"When two enemies become friends, this becomes a story of reason; when two friends become enemies, this becomes a story of stupidity!" - Mehmet Murat ildan
"Don't mock someone's business just because yours have higher profits. The battle is against poverty not against each other " - Daniel Friday Danzor
"The gig ends and my friends appear out of the glue." - Alain Bremond-Torrent
"frequently" - Sappho
"The thing is, I never had a friend like Sohrab before. One who understood me without even trying. Who knew what it was like to be stuck on the outside because of one little thing that set you apart." - Adib Khorram
"Being an artist or an author or even as a filmmaker, I bring my All to every project as who I am - artist, mother, daughter, wife, friend, citizen, teacher, philosopher, believer, and human. - Kailin Gow" - Kailin Gow
"Friendship or enmity is everywhere an affair of time and circumstance" - Thucydides
"I have no close friends, that is, no friends." - Iris Murdoch
"Only a fraction of sane people enjoy their own company. The rest endure it." - Mokokoma Mokhonoana
"It's hopeless to make friends with people who never talk about themselves." - Dodie Smith
"When someone steals your original ideas? Feel sorry for them." - R.M. Engelhardt
"As a kid he wished for money or fame or toys or friends. More recent wishes were for so many other things, all of them synonymous with love or escape." - David Levithan
"I have no interest in easy friends... easy people. I think I trust them less than the difficult ones, and find them far less compelling, too" - Sarah J. Maas
"It is humanly impossible to be an entirely bad or good person." - Mokokoma Mokhonoana
"Kingdom? Or queendom?"" - Liz Braswell
"The best drinks are those shared with friends" - Maureen Joyce Connolly
"You don't need to put the slightest effort at all to live. But you do need to put all of your effort to survive. Because if you don't, those who depend on you will be broken. Those who follow you will be lost. Those who love you will lose you. Those who have lost so many already will lose one more again. And I don't want to lose you too. Can't afford it." - The Incognito
"Like a wave we often float ashore to find something that feels like home." - Giovannie de Sadeleer
"Tell me everything!" she'd cry, salivating. Poor Reva. She might actually have thought I was capable of sharing things. "Friends forever?" She'd want us to make some sacred pact. She always wanted to make pacts. "Let's make a pact to have brunch at least twice a month. Let's promise to go for a walk through Central Park every Saturday. Let's have a daily call-time. Will you swear to take a ski trip this year? It burns so many calories." - Ottessa Moshfegh
"I don’t know how to tell them something like this and still come out of it feeling like Simon. Because if Leah and Nick don’t recognize me, I don’t even recognize myself anymore." - Becky Albertalli
"There's nothing wrong. You are just happy because you met people who see the world differently." - Gayle Forman
"Guards! Styxx roared. "Take the bastard out and beat him!"" - Sherrilyn Kenyon
"Kevin and Benji don’t think it odd, the way you don’t if something’s been going on your whole life." - Fredrik Backman
"The connections we make redefine who we are and can change who we become." - David Amerland
"Ariel signed." - Liz Braswell
"Throughout our lifetime many people come ‘to’ us. But if they haven’t come ‘for’ us the coming doesn’t matter. And I would have us carefully consider that Christmas is God perfectly doing both." - Craig D. Lounsbrough
"Amat, Lifa, and Zaccharias were the sort of children who got passed over. They've stuck together ever since. Lifa is less talkative than a tree, Zacharias louder than a radio, and Amat just appreciates the company. They make a good team." - Fredrik Backman
"Many a man does not have a girlfriend, yet a girlfriend has him." - Mokokoma Mokhonoana
"It’s a really rare thing to have a friend that changes your mind" - Jill Telford
"A friend who is quick to point his or her finger at the stain or patch on your cloth in the presence of others is a friend to be feared." - Paul Bamikole
"Unreasonable friendship is friendship that defies reason or logic." - Paul Bamikole
"Most friendships are based on the current or former closeness not of the people but of their bodies." - Mokokoma Mokhonoana
"The ones that are likely to fail are the ones having the fewest friends. And the ones that have the fewest friends are the ones having the most boring life" - Khoa Pham
"A true friend makes your problem their problem." - Mokokoma Mokhonoana
"After I put on my bathing suit, you must not look at me until I get into the water.'" - Arnold Lobel
"We are some people’s friends only when they are with us." - Mokokoma Mokhonoana
"He sniffs and turns his head to look at me. There's a tear streaking down his cheek, sliding out from under his glasses. He wipes it away with the heel of his hand. "I just don't like good-byes."" - Becky Albertalli
"So that is when we are,” Will said. “But what I don’t know is where we are. Or how this is happening." - Cassandra Clare
"People are not cactuses, they need plenty of water and, when talking about friendship, the water is our time." - Birutė Sol
"No more blurry memories of nights with strangers but still alone... I’d had enough of homeless travelling just to feed my art and I wanted stability and comfort; a calm sense of existence. I wanted a friend, a hand to hold, arms to fall asleep in." - Charlotte Eriksson
"Come for a walk, dear. The air will do you good."" - Gaston Leroux
"it is natural to want to employ your friends when you find yourself in times of need. The world is a harsh place, and your friends soften the harshness. Besides, you know them. Why depend on a stranger when you have a friend at hand?" - Robert Greene
"You have to realize that change won’t happen to those who got used to hurting you and getting away with it every time." - Mandy K.
"Guilt-free friendship says that any time you get back to me is a good time. Guilt-free friendship says that I will always assume the best about your motivations. Guilt-free friendship says that I won't keep score when it comes to emails answered or phone calls returned. Guilt-free friendship focuses on the friendship and ditches the guilt. Guilt-free friendship loves any chance and any slice of time to catch up; it isn't about criticizing how much or how frequently that happens. Instead, guilt-free friendship is generous and forgiving and creates easy space for reconnecting because it doesn't have any conditions for how or when or how often that happens." - Lisa-Jo Baker
"We are not strangers, only the introduction is missing." - Jesus Apolinaris
"People will always talk. Just make sure the negative things they say aren't true. It makes it easier to laugh and ignore them." - Eric M. Watterson
"قال: ألم يسئ إليك أصدقاؤك الذين تعتز بهم ؟" - كامل الشناوي
"Starting Your Own Business for Dummies was on top." - Jessie Janowitz
"A writer's circle is never empty, there are plenty of imaginary friends." - Nyki Mack
"With laughter and mirth spent in the shadows of" - Anshul Singh
"This is why people like writing. You visit old friends without having to go on Facebook and see what they're up to and deal with what idiots call FOMO. You make them into what you want them to be, the people they could be if only they were braver, smarter." - Caroline Kepnes
"Is it an eggageration to say Clement Soup and Sourdough saved me? At night, instead of fitfully reviewing the day's error while my stomach swam and churned, I... fell asleep. My course steadied. I had taken on ballast in the form of spicy broth and fragrant bread and, maybe, two new friends, or sort-of-friends, or something." - Robin Sloan
"Former best friends make the worst enemies." - Mokokoma Mokhonoana
"I have a thought that’s starting to become more and more of a recurring theme in my life: I probably should’ve just stayed home and watched Friends with my mom." - Kheryn Callender
"Ask any woman how she .... really makes it through her day, or more important, her months and years, how she stays steady when things get rocky, who she calls when the doctor says 'I'd like to run a few more tests' or when her son moves in with the girl she's never much liked and trusted.... She will mention her girlfriends. The older we get, the more we understand that the women who know and love us—and love us despite what they know about us—are the joists that hold up the house of our existence. Everything depnds on them." (from Lots of Candles, Plenty of Cake)" - Anna Quindlen
"Ask any woman how she .... really makes it through her day, or more important, her months and years, how she stays steady when things get rocky, who she calls when the doctor says 'I'd like to run a few more tests' or when her son moves in with the girl she's never much liked and trusted.... She will mention her girlfriends. The older we get, the more we understand that the women who know and love us—and love us despite what they know about us—are the joists that hold up the house of our existence. Everything depends on them." (from Lots of Candles, Plenty of Cake)" - Anna Quindlen
"Being in a relationship, that’s something you choose. Being friends, that’s just something you are. I’d pick you. Fuck it, I do pick you. I want you to come over to my house in twenty years with your dude and your adopted kids and I want our fucking kids to hang out and I want to, like, drink wine and talk about the Middle East or whatever the fuck we’re gonna do when we’re old. We’ve been friends too long to pick, but if we could pick, I’d pick you." - John Green
"You often do not know your friends as well as you imagine. Friends often agree on things in order to avoid an argument. They cover up their unpleasant qualities so as not offend each other. They laugh extra hard at each others jokes. Since honesty rarely strengthens friendship, you may never know how a friend truly feels. Friends will say they love your poetry, adore your music, envy your taste in clothes - maybe they mean, often they do not." - Robert Greene
"Any friendship that will not frame you into fame is not allowed to hold firm." - Wisdom Ogbuagu
"Any friendship that will not frame you into fame is not allowed to hold firm. From this book FRIENDSHIP 101" - Wisdom Ogbuagu
"It’s so much more friendly with two." - Disney Book Group
"Hey. You heard what Rock said. I know how you feel. We can help you shoulder this"" - Brandon Sanderson
"Some friends are friends for a while and then there's a bro we make for life!" - Pavan Desai
"I am happy. I am very happy. This morning when I woke up I felt good because the sun was shining. I felt good because I was a frog. And I felt good because I have you as a friend. I wanted to be alone. I wanted to think about how fine everything is." - Arnold Lobel
"It’s hard to make people care again once you’ve taught them not to. It’s hard to tell people that you need them, once you’ve told them you don’t." - Charlotte Eriksson
"When going through or coming out of a rough patch in life, it's important not to focus on those who did not show up for you." - Sanjo Jendayi
"If you want to make friends, you have to be prepared to sacrifice something." - Wataru Watari
"I asked myself whether a life devoid of any affection, of any goal, a life one fills with a thousand trifles intended to relieve its monotony, populated with human beings one seeks out in order not to be alone and whom one flees to avoid being bored by them, whether such a life isn't ridiculous, whether anything whatsoever wouldn't be preferable." - Emmanuel Bove
"Friends, Casper observed, are the envy of the angels." - Amor Towles
"Go places, everywhere you can See the world—" - Melody  Lee
"Theo was struck by his dog, even in death. For while Theo was away at school or sleeping or distracted, Shadow, well, Shadow was still out there in the neighborhood, making friends." - Steven James Taylor
"You forget this from time to time, Molly, but you are not alone. I am here. Your family is here. [...] Not every responsibility is yours." - Shane Arbuthnott
"Make enemies if you have to- and you will- but always make sure the most powerful stay your friends." - Sarah Dunant
"Love and friendship are the only selfless quantities in the cosmos" - Aditya Bisht
"The great thing a friend can do is bring some warmth in this cold world." - Marty Rubin
"Seeing a friend cry is not as painful as hearing an enemy laugh." - Mokokoma Mokhonoana
"Common hatred can bond uncommon individuals." - H.B.R. Patel
"If nature was your good friend when you were a child, you must then know that it will remain your good friend till the end of your life!" - Mehmet Murat ildan
"Some people choose to lose their good friends , Who are good people because they correct them, are telling them the honest truth always , are telling them to do rights things always and telling them to behave well. They choose to lose good friends than to lose their bad habits, ways and character ." - De philosopher DJ Kyos
"Some people choose to lose their good friends , Who are good people, because they correct them.They are telling them the honest truth always , are telling them to do rights things always and are telling them to behave well. They choose to lose good friends than to lose their bad habits, ways, morals and character. Same people tomorrow will be losing their lives. Please choose well." - De philosopher DJ Kyos
"It was strange. She'd been around the girls at school her entire life. But within these few minutes she began to feel like she had known this one for a million years." - Jodi Lynn Anderson
"It doesn't take but a few words to turn your best friend into your worst enemy." - Marlan Rico Lee
"DUNCAN: I can’t sleep again tonight. Insomnia bites." - Becky Wade
"Promise me you won’t tell Ryan” trying to stay awake until I hear him say it. He sighs and shakes his head, “I can’t promise you that Eden, not this time." - Sarah  Clay
"You have to take care of people.” I say, defensive." - Amy McNamara
"Different should make no difference! Hell: I’m a liberal Democrat Jewish transsexual. My husband was a conservative Republican Christian 40 years older— I’m not someone who thinks you have to be the same to be friends—" - Jenna Ware
"Don't harbor anger over others' actions or lack therof. Wish them well and shake the dust off!" - Sanjo Jendayi
"So assume this:" - Deyth Banger
"Se lotto goffamente, è colpa tua. Anche il mio essere attaccata alla vita è colpa tua. Sei tu che mi hai fatto scoprire il rimpianto per il tempo che non potevo passare insieme a te." - Naoshi Arakawa
"Cherish the ones you love, love the ones you cherish." - Gjorgji Jovanov
"One's soul/character is divided into pieces and seeded in different people, which we are destined to find; find the piece of our puzzle in them, for our self to be complete." - madrzayev
"Friends afford us a change to express our deepest selves, and that the conversations we have with them are a privileged forum in which to say what we really think and, by extension and with no mystical allusion, be who we really are." - Alain de Botton
"If you want your door to be knocked by your friends, you knock their door first!" - Mehmet Murat ildan
"Dude. Every mom is the most annoying human in the universe, but most of them, besides the super-abusive genuinely bad ones, are in your corner." - Mary H.K. Choi
"For you, happiness is being with a man. For me, happiness is being among friends. Love takes many forms, Will Scarlet. If I must lie to the world to be true to my heart, then I'll lie. I'll cheat, I'll steal, and I'll do it with a smile. Love is the only higher power I answer to, and my love is no less for being chaste." - Elliot Wake
"I have felt so many loves so deeply: love of friends, love somewhere between friendship and romance that our society doesn’t define, love of art, love of life, love of death, love of language, so many loves such a multitude more than romance. Yet I have never been in a “relationship." - Noella Handley
"Why should I say thank you?" asked Mini. "I knew you could do it." - Roshani Chokshi
"If you really want to make a friend, go round someone's house with a freshly baked loaf of sourdough bread!" - Chris Geiger
"When people change & make you feel small, I'll tuck you into my pocket & feed you cheese, until courage coaxes the tiger out of your rib cage." - Curtis Tyrone Jones
"Friendship is more than skin deep." - Kristin Levine
"Sometimes I remembered that before Owen was anything else, he had been like my brother, and when we eventually stopped fucking he would be again." - Cristina Moracho
"I also think of some books as my friends and i like to have them around. They brighten my life." - Michael Dirda
"When I was done reading the poem, everyone was quiet. A very sad quiet. But the amazing thing was that it wasn't a bad sad at all. It was just something that made everyone look around at each other and know that they were there." - Stephen Chbosky
"" - Sonali Dev
"I learned a long time ago, the loyalty of friends is a greater power than the will of an enemy" - Brandt Legg
"I obviously don’t know the whole story here, but good friendships are durable. They’re meant to survive the gaps and the growing pains." - Julie   Murphy
"For the second time today, my stone heart melts. I love my friends. The old ones and the new ones. The real ones, who don't make websites condemning me to an eternity in hell just because I'm not attracted to them." - Laura Steven
"Telling a true friend that you need something makes it unnecessary for you to ask them for that thing." - Mokokoma Mokhonoana
"Praise God for people who step with us, not on us" - Tina Samples
"The moon & sun were just friends til that night the sun couldn’t depart before dark snowed in under an avalanche of stars & poetry was born." - Curtis Tyrone Jones
"We all have that one friend you need to say ‘be nice’ to before you introduce them to someone. I’m that friend. -Audrey’s secret thoughts" - Lani Lynn Vale
"Friends are the pieces who complete us, the pieces that complete life's puzzle." - Viola Shipman
"Sólo quiero deciros que estamos todos juntos." - Jaime Gil de Biedma
"Emmet pinched the bridge of his nose. “I hate it when you’re cryptic." - Nicole Sager
"The octopuses seemed to be neither friends nor enemies, but in a state of complicated coexistence." - Peter Godfrey-Smith
"Did you come here alone, Kitten?'" - Georgette Heyer
"He didn’t want to see any more reminders of dead friends." - Jason Medina
"She decided at that moment that she wanted Gina for a friend... if Gina wasn't already a friend." - Mercedes Lackey
"Richard found his quarry in the library." - Lauren Willig
"Poets don't let poets put the pen down!" - Sanjo Jendayi
"A friend will stand by you when you’re wrong. Anyone will stand by you when you’re right." - Anonymous
"Be careful who you choose to allow into your circle, our behaviour and thought patterns mirror those we hang around with." - Dee Waldeck
"We attract all the right things and right people into our life" - Mimi Novic
"Life is a bus ride, with only so many seats. It took me a long time to comprehend that sometimes people had to leave my life, to make room for the better ones, but once I understood that it became easier to let go, and I was surprised at just how quickly new, interesting people somehow found their way onto my bus." - Dodie Clark
"Few words are more chilling when put together than make friends." - Maureen Johnson
"Real friends are there no matter what. Real friends are people you love and hate in equal measure but who are as much a part of you as yourself." - C.J. Tudor
"You will meet many foes, some open, and some disguised; and you may find friends upon your way when you least look for it." - J.R.R. Tolkien
"When the best friends come together, the shining spirit of solidarity replaces the brightest star Sirius!" - Mehmet Murat ildan
"When I recieve a book you deserve two" - Lily Armstrong
"Kindness is a most attractive quality." - Rona V Flynn
"What's missing in my life?' I was going to say" - André Aciman
"Surround yourself with people that inspire and encourage positive change in your life. Build a team in which you can work together to support each other and build better lives." - Avina Celeste
"Life is a collaborative effort. We can't do it on our own." - Rebekah Crane
"But what really bugged the living crap out of me was that my mother had more friends than I did. How saw was that?" - Benjamin Alire Sáenz
"Now God deliver me from my friends!" - John Marston
"humble pie will keep your company at your table longer.. - (G Swiss)" - G Swiss
"A real friend is someone who likes you for who you want to be and not for who they want you to be." - Rebecca Rupp
"It's a rare hurt that can stand under the advice, help, and sympathy generated by upwards of thirty people that care. Callahan loses a lot of his regulars. After they've been coming around long enough, they find they don't need to drink any more." - Spider Robinson
"In this bubble of time, I wasn't a freak and he wasn't a bully, and we could be friends without anyone knowing, and at least for now, that was enough." - Shaun David Hutchinson
"To friends and books, and friends in books, may our stories be long and our friendships longer." - Molly MacRae
"Adversity does not just introduce a man to himself. It also introduces, to him, his family, his friends, and his partner." - Mokokoma Mokhonoana
"You better not hurt my sister, Kyle.” James finally added." - Nicole Douglas
"THE VERITY THAT TWO PEOPLE OUT OF THE MILLIONS AROUND THEM CAN MEET AND ADHERE AND BECOME BOSOM FRIENDS, SEEMS LIKE ENCHANTMENT TO ME." - Chris Chacko
"Today's enemies can be your friends tomorrow." - Suzy Kassem
"When I was a newly single mom with a toddler and a newborn, I’d cringe when meeting new people," - emma  johnson
"Friendships are not currency." - Jennifer Ho-Dougatz
"Le stelle sono entità solitarie, come le persone. Ma dato che non possono vivere da sole in mezzo all'oscurità risplendono per essere trovate da qualcuno. Io ho sempre voluto avere un amico, e tu, hai trovato la mia luce. Grazie per avermi salvato dall'oscurità." - Muneyuki Kaneshiro
"I was going to have the worst night of my life, and they should be there for it. That was what friends did for each other." - Gabrielle Williams
"I want you to be my friend," she said in a most earnest tone. "And friends share secrets," she added." - Zøe Haslie
"I think it happens to everyone as they grow up. You find out who you are and what you want. Then you realize that the people you have known forever don't see things the way you do and so you keep the wonderful memories, but find yourself moving on." - Adhish Mazumder
"All women is brothers,' Burley Coulter used to say, and then look at you with a dead sober look as if he didn't know why you thought that was funny. But, as usual, he was telling the truth. Or part of it." - Wendell Berry
"Today's enemies can be your friends tomorrow." - Suzy Kassem
"Katika karne hii watu watawapenda zaidi marafiki kuliko ndugu." - Enock Maregesi
"You find out who your real friends are when stuff like this happens. Turns out I didn’t have any…" - Karen M. McManus
"My rotting brain had lied to me; of course talking would help. Of course my loving, caring friends telling me it would get better would help. They fed ropes down the hold I'd been digging, and even if they couldn't pull me up, they at least reminded me that there was a world beyond this, where I'd been before." - Dodie Clark
"Sometimes...around some people, I feel like I have to, like...try, you know?...But with you-- when I'm with you, I can just...exist. You know what I mean?" - Emma   Mills
"I thought the issue was settled until at the end he said, 'Listen, pal, if I can't play sports, you're going to play them for me,' and I lost part of myself to him, and a soaring sense of freedom revealed that this must have been my purpose from the first: to become a part of Phineas." - John Knowles
"Good friends are like cozy sweaters, they'll always be there to keep you warm when the rest of the world leaves you shivering." - Jennifer LeBlanc
"Success is complete only when it does not change who we are and neither pulls us away from our true friends." - Victor Bello Accioly
"I am not bothered by the silence." - Mitch Albom
"The poem was made not just to exist, but to speak—to be company. It was everything that was needed, when everything was needed." - Mary Oliver
"Sound body, serene mind, smiling face and sensible society is enough to live a satisfying social life." - Amit Kalantri
"Not everyone is well-equipped to share your burden," - Ufuoma Apoki
"Then there are my Somewheres. We all need somewhere to say the private things, the vulnerable things, the scary and true things, the victories and the defeats. "I need to say it somewhere," we say. So then the temptation is to say everything, everywhere, or we end up saying nothing, nowhere. There's something between oversharing or undersharing our real lives. I have learned--slowly, painfully--to say these private things to my Somewheres." - Sarah Bessey
"Only God gives a man true friends, He is the one who binds the heart of men together." - Paul Bamikole
"Cops aren't really your friends, they are trying to be your friends but they are not...." - Deyth Banger
"I was told many times not to burn bridges. It made me feel like once I burned a bridge, that was it. Now I feel that It's not the burning of bridges that matters, but the Rebuilding from there that counts." - Leticia Rae
"When I can cry with happy tears," - Divya G Prasad
"I compagni sono amici con cui condividere il cammino in vista di uno stesso obiettivo! Anzi no... non importa nemmeno che l'obiettivo sia lo stesso! Si ride insieme, ci si sostiene a vicenda, e si arriva a fidarsi l'uno dell'altro! Chiamala come vuoi... in ogni caso è il tipo di rapporto che mi ha sempre salvato!" - Hiro Mashima
"Have 10 friends who believe in your dreams than 100 friends who never do. It's not about numbers; it's about purpose." - Israelmore Ayivor
"The cat and mouse can live peacefully in one house, but the mouse won't get sound sleep unless mouse trust the cat completely." - Amit Kalantri
"Friendship lasted longer than love because the former never made tall claims or empty promises." - Mitali Meelan
"Hay ocasiones en que tienes que romper con tus amigos para entender el significado de la amistad." - Henry Miller
"When choosing friends, be careful of those who are not willing to rise up to be at your level, but who are trying everything in their power to bring you down to their level." - De philosopher DJ Kyos
"When I am all alone" - Sara Teasdale
"Friendship is a totally biased sample of the population: we only pick out the best ones." - Victor Bello Accioly
"A amizade é uma amostra totalmente tendenciosa da população; só escolhemos os melhores." - Victor Bello Accioly
"O sucesso só é por inteiro quando não altera quem somos e não nos afasta dos nossos verdadeiros amigos." - Victor Bello Accioly
"It's times like this that I'm real glad I have friends. They say friends are worth your weight in gold." - M.T. Anderson
"If your closest friends stop showing up to your barbecues, you're probably in a bad relationship." - Anna Faris
"all ought to be common among friends." - Anatole France
"I hope you’re serious about opening yourself up to new experiences, though. Doesn’t have to be something like the party car." - Adam Silvera
"The hunter does not plunder his world – he takes from it only what he truly needs. In this way the hunter ensures that his coffer, whether it holds friends, food, happiness or power, is never empty." - Théun Mares
"I do have friends. Maybe they live hundreds of miles away from me, and maybe I can only talk to them through a screen, but they're still my friends." - Francesca Zappia
"Keep your friends close, keep your enemies closer." - Niccolò Machiavelli
"Only when you are in trouble do you realize who your true friends are… And, my dear, you will be surprised!" - Charbel Tadros
"Cows are exceptionally gentle, loving beings who form strong bonds with their family and friends. Separating any mother from her child, as is routine practise within the dairy industry, inflicts upon both a cruelty beyond words." - Mango Wodzak
"Make sure you tell the people you love that you love them. Loudly and often. You never know when it might be too late." - Tom Hiddleston
"Always keep in mind the existence of those individuals, whether relatives or great friends, who believe that reality must adapt to their immediate impulses and desires. Those who created opportunities to hurt you, and then find it funny to watch your pain, sometimes pointing it out to others, instead of protecting your privacy and helping you comfort yourself." - Efrat Cybulkiewicz
"You do not understand' said Pippin. 'You must go - and therefore we must too. Merry and I are coming with you. Sam is an excellent fellow, and would jump down a dragon'r throat to save you, if he did not trip over his own feet; but you will need more than one companion in your dangerous adventure." - J.R.R. Tolkien
"She's your lobster. C'mon you guys. It's a known fact that lobsters fall in love and mate for life. You can actually see old lobster couples, walking around their tank, you know, holding claws". ..." - Phoebe Buffay
"Apsveicu, dauni! Tu tikko papisi draugu!" - Mārtiņš Zvīdriņš
"Friends won't support you until they see strangers celebrate you." - Habeeb Akande
"When people come to me upset and in need of advice the first thing I always suggest is to brew a nice cuppa tea. Not because this is easy advice to give, neither for lack of compassion nor understanding, but simply because I've not encountered a circumstance where tea was rendered futile. There's something concealed in the nature of tea that will consort you to a calm contemplation, a sense of purity and harmony, it lets you find your way through life's sordid deeds, and regain a sense of tranquillity, console enmity, and admire the beauty around you." - Georgia Barrett
"It's taken us a long time to find one another, but now we have. Together, we're strong. Strong enough to fight, and strong enough to win." - Jenn Reese
"The realization that men and women cannot be friends unless they're also sleeping together. I have enough friends, I don't really need any more." - Caspar Vega
"Jack quickly set about releasing Pooh Bear from his cage. Once he was free and standing on solid ground, Pooh gazed at Jack in horror. 'By Allah, Jack, you look like shit.'" - Matthew Reilly
"With a long distant friend, I enjoy changing this obstacle into an opportunity by creating annual 'frienditions' to see and do something new and different together." - Judy Dippel
"He found himself thinking about his childhood." - Mitch Albom
"Don't be fooled. It's good to be rich and to have money, but know that money is not everything the way people hyped it. People who claim to have more money or rich can't still can't afford what they want, nomatter how much they have. Things like love, friendship , happiness, peaceful mind, inner peace and whatever they so desire to have." - De philosopher DJ Kyos
"You can tell who your friends are because they don’t prevent you from being on your own, because they illuminate your solitude without interrupting it." - Christian Bobin
"You can never really trust someone who remembers every embarrassing detail of your adolescence." - Daniel Clowes
"Do you prefer Mitch? Or is Mitchell better?'.." - Mitch Albom
"If you're the smartest person in the room, you might wanna switch rooms." - Sabrina Newby
"It’s not difficult telling enemies from friends." - Tim Heaton
"In battle, Musa told Tilo, enemies can’t break your spirit, only friends can" - Arundhati Roy
"Don't let the bitterness of your past that you have towards someone dictate your future because it can drive you away from your relationship with God !" - Diogo Fino
"Don't miss out on opportunities to spend time with friends you value most, because too many of your waking hours are spent on a treadmill of constant doing to keep up with our culture's demands. Good friends are stress relief!" - Judy Dippel
"When a friendship is important enough, with mutual respect, most obstacles provide the opportunity to broaden each person's perspective and help each one grow in interesting and unexpected ways." - Judy Dippel
"Tal vez -pensó- no existen los buenos y los malos amigos; tal vez sólo hay amigos, gente que nos apoya cuando sufrimos y que nos ayuda a no sentirnos tan solos. Tal vez siempre vale la pena sentir miedo por ellos, y esperanzas, y vivir por ellos. Tal vez también valga la pena morir por ellos, sólo personas con las que uno quiere estar, necesita estar; gente que ha construido su casa en nuestro corazón." - Stephen King
"Three chums would find themselves at a loose end for whatever reason and would agree to travel together to foreign lands for the purposes of cultural and spiritual enrichment." - Jeremy Clarkson
"Le persone che ho incontrato, quelle con cui sono entrata in contatto... Tutti quanti, anche se hanno paura, anche se soffrono e non trovano una via d'uscita, cercano qualcosa. Un passo alla volta, con determinazione, facendosi coraggio, spronandosi a vicenda e sostenendosi tentano di andare avanti." - Naoshi Arakawa
"Dovresti consolarmi un po'! Sei inutile, sei un ectoplasma! Che tu ci sia o no, non fa differenza!"" - Naoshi Arakawa
"Never be an insincere friend, never be manipulative, one day you will be discovered and lose everything" - Bangambiki Habyarimana
"Losing excess fats through exercise is important, but losing useless friends is urgent. Treat urgent things first!" - Israelmore Ayivor
"A bad friend secretly plots your downfall" - Bangambiki Habyarimana
"You never lose Friends." - Drishti Bablani
"Would a robber break in your home at night beating drums? Nope. This is how those who want to take advantage of your life come: Full of smiles and promising sincere friendship!" - Bangambiki Habyarimana
"Don't tell your friend you are fighting with your wife, it gives him pleasure" - Bangambiki Habyarimana
"Fear your friends. Beware of your close friends. Be alert to whom you cast your trust. Because not all of them will help you to build your future. Some are just pretending to be. Some are just there because they need your hand. Some are secretly pulling you down. Some are just there because simply they need you. They will leave you anytime. Be careful." - Nathaniel E. Quimada
"Ad we interviewing each other?" - Benjamin Alire Sáenz
"Stop changing yourself for the sake of other people. You shouldn't care what strangers think and true friends won't ask you to change." - Avina Celeste
"And maybe . . . maybe he’ll even get more comfortable having me around. Open up, wanna chat more, and we’ll become almost friends, or—" - T.L. Martin
"A smile is a friend maker" - Bangambiki Habyarimana
"Never look too far to find a family. Your neighbour is your closest family." - Lailah Gifty Akita
"A friend is a family." - Lailah Gifty Akita
"Only air and light and the love of friends! Let no man lose heart who still has these." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"I love it when you meet an angel on Earth and they have no idea that's what they are; a human angel, an angel covered in skin. They hare the best kinds of humans to know. As your eyes widen, as you evolve and your soul is receptive, you will encounter and recognize these angels on Earth more and more." - Melody  Lee
"And Rob knew then that he had picked the right person to tell." - Kate DiCamillo
"Back-to-back", Bayard replied, and Grimm felt the sudden, wiry pressure of the other man's shoulders pressed against the middle of his back." - Jim Butcher
"By your behavior you send signals on how people should treat you" - Bangambiki Habyarimana
"A bad friend is nothing but a spy" - Bangambiki Habyarimana
"There are friendships that are greater than family bonds, but they are very rare" - Bangambiki Habyarimana
"...that we should look out of the window, choose a star, and make a last wish before we went to sleep, and she told us we should wish the best, not just for each of ourselves, but more for each other, because we were all the best of friends." - Michael Morpurgo
"Friends are holy families." - Lailah Gifty Akita
"When you are there for people who dont need you. They make fun of you and make you a fool." - De philosopher DJ Kyos
"If you want to make people angry. Be Happy. It's sad that people cant stand when others are happy inlife. It really says a lot about them." - De philosopher DJ Kyos
"Don't Sit Around Waiting For Someone Who's Taken A Walk off Your Life to Come Back; Get Going Too!" - Jaachynma N.E. Agu
"A gloomy face drives friends away" - Bangambiki Habyarimana
"The thoughts that pass through your mind are merely strangers passing on the street. You can choose to stop them to have a chat or to simply pass them by, fleeting and never to be seen again. You choose which thoughts come to your home, which thoughts influence you, which thoughts change you. If you strike up a conversation with a negative thought, you get to decide how often that thought comes around or how often you let it work against you. Simply choose to pass the negative thoughts on the street. Make friends with your positive thoughts." - Avina Celeste
"If the nature of her foes would speak to the credit of Bridget's death, then surely the nature of her allies would speak even more loudly about clearly of her life." - Jim Butcher
"It might even teach Murray that while finding true love was one of the most wonderful things that could happen to you in life, finding a friend was equally splendid." - Félix J. Palma
"Sometimes witchraft is when the heart is full of hate that it consumes your mind not appreciate good things that are done by other people." - De philosopher DJ Kyos
"Spread love. Hug the people you care about and make sure they know that you care and appreciate them. Make it known to your friends and family that you love them." - Germany Kent
"The difference between your friend and your best friend is that your friend asks, ‘Are you are ok?’ and your best friend asks, ‘Do you want to talk about it?" - Savania China
"Modern life seems set up so that we can avoid loneliness at all costs, but maybe it's worthwhile to face it occasionally. The further we push aloneness away, the less are we able to cope with it, and the more terrifying it gets. Some philosophers believe that loneliness is the only true feeling there is. We live orphaned on a tiny rock in the immense vastness of space, with no hint of even the simplest form of life anywhere around us for billions upon billions of miles, alone beyond all imagining. We live locked in our own heads and can never entirely know the experience of another person. Even if we're surrounded by family and friends, we journey into death completely alone." - Michael Finkel
"We would never go shopping together or eat an entire cake while we complained about men. He'd never invite me over to his house for dinner or a barbecue. We'd never be lovers. But there was a very good chance that one of us would be the last person the other saw before we died. It wasn't friendship the way most people understood it, but it was friendship. There were several people I'd trust with my life, but there is no one else I'd trust with my death. Jean-Claude and even Richard would try to hold me alive out of love or something that passed for it. Even my family and other friends would fight to keep me alive. If I wanted death, Edward would give it to me. Because we both understand that it isn't death that we fear. It's living." - Laurell K. Hamilton
"And though our roots belong to the same tree, our branches have grown in different directions." - Suzy Kassem
"When you understand that through the power of conversion in solitude you can become great, so many things you’ve been wasting your time on will no longer interest you. You will even run away from some friends." - Sunday Adelaja
"To ask a man whether or not he has a girlfriend is to talk about his sex life. If you disagree with that, then how in the name of God do you differentiate between a man’s girlfriend and a girl that is a friend to the man?" - Mokokoma Mokhonoana
"Well, I will wear the bees, like Damon and Pythagoras – ho, a mere sixty thousand bees in the cabin don't signify, much." - Patrick O'Brian
"I should send my bees ashore for you, upon my sacred honour." - Patrick O'Brian
"They were laughing and their hair was shining like leaves in moonlight, their limbs long as saplings. I thought, Girls are magical at this phase, girls are invincible, nothing can touch them. I didn’t think ‘us’ because I didn’t feel that; I felt other, on the outside, watching them." - Francesca Lia Block
"Когда ты впервые пьешь чай с горцами балти, ты - чужак. Во второй раз - почетный гость. Третья чашка чая означает, что ты - часть семьи, а ради семьи они готовы на что угодно. Даже умереть." - Greg Mortenson
"Once you laugh with a person? That person is your friend." - Susan Nussbaum
"I dont celebrate any friendship that was build on hate, because we share the common enemy." - De philosopher DJ Kyos
"The most important key to bettering yourself - is just that "yourself" - (g swiss)" - G Swiss
"He took deep breaths. He wanted to sleep. At least in sleeping, he could find a kind of peace. At least in sleeping, he could dream about his dead friends and maybe, until the sun came up, feel like he wasn't all alone." - Alex London
"Non si vede bene che con il cuore. L'essenziale è invisibile agli occhi." - Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
"Friends are more than your special loved ones – in certain cases. Because of their support in certain matters, you get inspired. Sometimes it’s our friends that we acquire a huge amount of strength which encouraged us to do things to pursue our personal goals. It is because friends are open-minded and they understand how you feel. Hence, we can’t deny the fact that there were certain times that our loved ones (parents) never show support sometimes in whatever things we would like to achieve. But our friends does." - Jonathan Page Acabo
"Somewhere between buying 25 friendship bands and passing by the shop with a smile looking at kids buying the bands, we grew up" - Anamika mishra
"I’ll make you a deal. I’ll toast to us becoming great friends if you promise to tell me when you want something more with me."" - Kerry Lonsdale
"It is good to bounce things off a trusted friend." - Sofi Benitez
"Real friends are like autotroph, whether you pay your intentions or not but they keep calm your noons." - Samar Sudha
"It may seem that you are on the path alone, but the light that guides you is coming from somewhere. Trust your every step because none of us walk this journey alone." - Toni Sorenson
"There was a time when I loved silence, because there was so much of noise of friends, family and other people around that I always needed some time to talk to myself. To think, to be myself." - Ratish Edwards
"I never knew this, but today i know how it feels when you try to hold on to some situation, some feelings, some people , in fact everything because you couldn't not be better without those things , people or feelings. But you can't because the more you try to hold them the more quickly they slip away from your hands. And the only choices you have is to either let them go slowly or to enjoy the rest of it i.e; nothing. And people say life goes on." - Ratish Edwards
"อันที่จริงแล้ว จะชนะหรือแพ้อาจไม่สำคัญเท่ากับว่าเขาได้ช่วยดึงศักยภาพสุดขีดของเราออกมาสำเร็จ" - นิ้วกลม
"one plus one is two; so the cord of two is better than one." - Lailah Gifty Akita
"the cord of two is better than one." - Lailah Gifty Akita
"I’d figured out that it wasn’t just about food and shelter. Obviously, that was important, but" - Melody J. Bremen
"Forgiveness is the fruit of fellowship." - Lailah Gifty Akita
"Is the any sincere friend like the Saviour, Lord Jesus Christ?" - Lailah Gifty Akita
"I have drunk the night" - Kamand Kojouri
"Ganelon sighed. "Slowhand..."" - Nicholas Eames
"Thank you for being such a beautiful friend." - Scott Stabile
"What should I call you? A friend, a stranger, or a lover? I remember the day you laid your eyes on me the first time. There was just something unwavering about that moment. It wasn’t peaceful or absolute. It was definite. Something that was bound to happen. It was like as if our souls were waiting for us to collide. And oh we did! We collided like meteors, giving this universe a spectacular view. From my 2 am thought that used to keep me up at night, you soon became my 2 am call. From an almost stranger to my skin, you became a part of me. But just like every collision, ours also had to end in destruction. The 2 am call soon became a 2 am thought. The thought still keeps me up at night, but not for the same reasons. From strangers to lovers and lovers to strangers again, our journey hasn’t been ordinary. Someone asked me about you today and for a moment, I didn’t know what to call you. Who are you to me now? A friend – no. Definitely not a lover. I guess, you and I – we are just strangers with memories." - Bhavya Kaushik
"Find people who can handle your darkest truths, who don’t change the subject when you share your pain, or try to make you feel bad for feeling bad. Find people who understand we all struggle, some of us more than others, and that there’s no weakness in admitting it. In fact, few things take as much strength. Find people who want to be real, however that looks and feels, and who want you to be real, too. Find people who get that life is hard, and who get that life is also beautiful, and who aren’t afraid to honor both those realities. Find people who help you feel more at home in your heart, mind and body, and who take joy in your joy. Find people who love you, for real, and who accept you, for real. Just as you are. They’re out there, these people. Your tribe is waiting for you. Don’t stop searching until you find them." - Scott Stabile
"We are all lost," - Kamand Kojouri
"Despite this, his prejudice against helmets remained unchanged. You had your pride, Ganelon had told him once, or you had nothing." - Nicholas Eames
"The principle that first you try to solve your problems on your own and only turn to others as a last resort applies to friends. We have an obligation to show our friends that we are turning to them for a favor not because it happens to be convenient for us to do so but because of a compelling reason." - P.M. Forni
"If he sees you in this apartment he will seriously murder you and then break up with me.  And I really, really don’t want him to break up with me, Linc." - Trevion Burns
"A light has dawned for me: I need companions, living ones, not dead companions and corpses which I carry with me wherever I wish. But I need living companions who follow me because they want to follow themselves— and who want to go where I want to go." - Friedrich Nietzsche
"You show true friends the ugly--and trust them enough to turn it into something beautiful." - Rachel Van Dyken
"It’s not like you have anything to lose anymore." - Anna B. Doe
"We both keep quiet." - Anna B. Doe
"To all the friends out there struggling while so many are celebrating right now, please know that you are not alone, and you are so loved. I hold you in my heart and send you extra support and love these days, and all the light I know how to muster. I love you." - Scott Stabile
"Be careful whom you confine in." - Lailah Gifty Akita
"A mafia could never kill an alliance. That’s how you become safe from the enemy, you befriend them." - Basma Salem
"It’s best to have a small boat of friends where everyone rows than an ark of friends where no one does. At least you’re getting somewhere." - Ron Baratono
"On the surface, I seem to be glad of new people;" - Li Shangyin
"You’re stupid. First of all, I need for you to know that.” “Uhhh, thanks?” “That is the most romantic thing I’ve ever heard. What could possibly be more romantic than the man of your dreams swooping in like a white knight? This is your fucking fairytale, bitch, and you’re about to let it slip away...” Gina growls in frustration." - Heather M. Orgeron
"I continuously see myself on an airplane that has unlimited fuel. I go here and there but can't stop. Always flying over my destination. I've come to realize I must jump off with my parachute on of course." - Hyrum Yeakley
"As Gabe continued to speak, he sounded to be a cheerful and intelligent person, two attributes I have commonly found associated with people who spend most of their time outdoors." - Daniel J. Rice
"The only way we can revive our memories, if we are willing to ponder about the events that was never discussed for years by looking back at old photos or written texts which gives us a clue about the event we are trying to recall about. If that strategy is accomplished, we will have a clear episodic memory about that particular event that we perceive it as very significant to us." - Saaif Alam
"Enemies Teach. Friends Preach." - Tapan Ghosh
"You're a bad man who made her pound a shot of Jäger." - Yuhta Nishio
"They may love you', she whispered, 'but they'll never understand." - Ransom Riggs
"Happiness is not a choice, or we’d all be happy. Let’s stop putting unnecessary pressure on ourselves to be happy all the time, and to pretend we can choose to be happy whenever we want. That’s not how life works. Sure, we can make choices that reflect a commitment to our well-being, and the more of these choices we make, the more likely we are to find ourselves feeling good more often. Healthy choices are within our power, and are important. But we can’t choose happiness, and we just set ourselves up for failure by believing we can. Life is more than happiness, anyway. It’s okay to feel all the things we feel. It’s human. There’s no shame in wanting to be happy, of course. We all want to be happy. But rather than try to choose happiness, maybe we can choose to being kinder and more loving. That we can do. We can work hard to take better care of ourselves, and better care of each other." - Scott Stabile
"I give and accept waves of welcome. I attract wonderful, life-minded friends who enrich my life." - Amy Leigh Mercree
"I'm not letting the world - or anyone in it - determine my fate. Not anymore, at least. - Ginny" - Jackson Pearce
"A loyal friend, who can find?" - Lailah Gifty Akita
"You don't have to change yourself to meet the expectations of others. CIOs who not only accept you, but celebrate you for who you are. Give your time and energy to the ones committed to truth, the brave souls working toward a life of authenticity. Let that be your tribe, and you their family. Open yourself to connections formed from a pledge to be real." - Scott Stabile
"I thought of the cool, fresh air of the city I'd always dreamed of living in. The art museums and trolleys and the mysterious fog that blanketed it. I could almost smell the cappuccinos I'd planned to drink in bohemian cafes or hear the indie music in the bookstores I would spend my free time in. I pictured the friends I'd make, my kindred art people, and the dorm room I was supposed to move into." - Heather Demetrios
"If I exist, then surely there must be someone else out there like me." - Joyce Rachelle
"I see your pain" - Kamand Kojouri
"I suggest to you, late or not late, the moment you have discovered that the mission of someone is to pee on your dreams, keep him away or keep away from him." - Israelmore Ayivor
"I love the stillness of a room, after a party. The chairs are moved, the cushions disarranged, everything is there to show that people enjoyed themselves; and one comes back to the empty room happy that it's over, happy to relax and say, 'Now we are alone again." - Daphne du Maurier
"Ah, mate. My soul loves yours. It does. But this lifetime, my body won’t get on board." - Molly Ringle
"(...) Clay knew better. He and Gabriel had been friends for thirty-five years, and Gabe had been talking him into doing recklessly stupid shit for damn near all of them. He was a charismatic craftsman: every heart a furnace, every soul a blade." - Nicholas Eames
"Your life is the people who fill it," Mel says. "And nothing's good without them." - Kayla Rae Whitaker
"Laugh, and the world longs to be your friend." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Friendship true is a vow of care." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Some bad friends are so crafty in such a way that by the time their mission is reveal, they have already executed portions of it." - Israelmore Ayivor
"The women glare at each other. Grin. You have friends when you're fifteen years old. Sometimes you get them back." - Fredrik Backman
"When thinking is overrated" - Ana Claudia Antunes
"There is comfort, even among strangers, when people find something they are equally passionate about." - Joyce Rachelle
"You miss a lot of a person’s life when you don’t keep in touch. Maybe that’s the point." - Bryant A. Loney
"Always make an effort to be around people who will help you grow." - Joyce Rachelle
"What is so rewarding about friendship?” my son asked, curling his upper lip into a sour expression. “Making friends takes too much time and effort, and for what?" - Richelle E. Goodrich
"I hated reunions. It made myself felt so little afterwards. When I was there, I couldn’t help not knowing. But after I knew things, I couldn’t stop comparing. I was congratulating people when they told me the good news, but deep inside I was wondering whether their good news was better than mine. Life wasn’t supposed to be a competition, but it really felt like one." - Marcella Purnama
"Friends can create our most cherished memories." - Fennel Hudson
"- L'amitié, tu sais, c'est comme une écharpe très douce dans laquelle on s'enroule." - Karine Lambert
"My brain came alight with tenderness for her. I felt so sorry for everything. I yearned to embrace her, kiss her even, to stay with her, always her, my sister, my friend to the end. It was a story after all, even if a sick one. It was completely ours." - Hannah Lillith Assadi
"If you work hard and get help from good friends, together you can overcome almost any challenge, no matter how great." - Mike Massimino
"In Hebrew, satan means an advocate of the alternative, the one who makes the arguments you don't know how to refute." Michelangelo looked to the old Jew, still grinning wickedly in the corner. "That satan is my best friend." - Adam Gidwitz
"No one leaves this hidden treasure," - Charmaine J Forde
"Social media is like reunion, but the catching up is done through the comfort of your own bed. Scrolling through photos and statuses are too easy to not be done. You know about their social life and where they’ve been last weekend. Then you wonder why they have such flawless hair and make up. How could they look so effortlessly awesome?" - Marcella Purnama
"In times of failure you are alone. But success brings many friends." - Lailah Gifty Akita
"Friends work not networks." - Keisha Mabry
"... it's not just for a friend. I mean, Reign is a friend, but... I like him. A lot. And I'd like it if he was more than just a friend." - Parker Elliot
"Do not keep control over household affairs. The one who keeps control has to wander around. The unusable money [torn notes, ruined coins] are offered as homage in prayer rituals! ‘Live’ as a ‘friend’ with the ‘wife’. You are her ‘friend’ and she is your ‘friend’." - Dada Bhagwan
"Real relations are not what we make. It's what time makes." - Karishma Magvani
"We met at a cross-roads in life," - Margo T. Rose
"We are way less likely to love someone just because they love us than we are to hate someone just because they hate us." - Mokokoma Mokhonoana
"Remember the friends who stuck with you when they thought you had nothing." - Joyce Rachelle
"Just please understand that everyone is going through a rough time as well. Even if they are hiding behind money or a simple smile. We are all continuously stumbling as we go about our lives. If we had perfect lives we'd all be perfect people. Only thing we can learn to do is endure or we will not be happy and happiness is the closest thing to perfect." - Hyrum Yeakley
"I'm still looking for someone" - Margo T. Rose
"Although I understand that all days are equal with 24 hours each, most of us agree that Friday is the longest day of the week and Sunday the shortest!" - D.S. Mixell
"Expectation and disappointment are far from friends but they are close relations." - Rasheed Ogunlaru
"We was used to each other in the way I s'pose two old bats can get used to hangin upside-down next to each other in the same cave, even though they're a long way from what you'd call the best of friends." - Stephen King
"If I could have one friend," - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Reprove your friend in secret and praise him in public." - Leonardo da Vinci
"You always" - Curtis Tyrone Jones
"Some teach you" - Curtis Tyrone Jones
"Maybe love isn’t meant to be bliss never-ending." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"On silent moonless nights, I don't feel lonely! I have my greatest friends - my books for company!" - Avijeet Das
"(...) if that's what has to be. No good friends. No bad friends. Only people you want, need to be with; people who build their houses in your heart." - Stephen King
"On a grim and dismal day that shattered my last ounce of confidence, I broke down and whimpered, “I’m awful and hideous and incompetent and boring and utterly useless.” And then you grinned at me and said, “That’s okay." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Making friends is not a big deal. Replacing me with them after talking to them for only one bloody day is a big deal." - Erica Sehyun Song
"Forget living a long life cause I don't see that happening with me living a life of misery, neglect, and pain. So I just want to die happy." - Jonathan Anthony Burkett
"You are fucked up" - Deyth Banger
"Friendship humanizes." - Jason Gay
"Come on... come on... I am waiting for answer..." - Deyth Banger
"The two of us locked up our own little secrets from the real world. We had experienced countless sleepless nights when we would share our fears, our worries, and our passions; when we would gossip about the school and the other girls. We had played too many pranks and snuck out more than enough times to be expelled if the teachers ever found out. We were professionals at the art of being discreet; however, we had never found sneaking out of a residence necessary, especially when the reason was not to play a prank." - Erica Sehyun Song
"There was a sudden flash of lightning which brightly illuminated our faces. I squinted against the harsh light. It was soon followed by the crack of thunder. The strong wind whipped our hair around our faces, and the younger girls squealed as they quickly ran across the grass to get inside the school." - Erica Sehyun Song
"The rain landed on my skin with a barely audible patter and changed the tempo of its repetitive dance, letting the wind change its course and angle. The cold soon seeped through my dress and into my bones. An iris from my garland fell in my lap." - Erica Sehyun Song
"I took my friend’s hand as she helped me up. With our hands still linked and our flower crowns tangled in our hair, we danced, laughing with joy, through the rain and towards the school, the lightning showing us our path with its powerful light." - Erica Sehyun Song
"Kabla ya uasi, Mungu alimpa Shetani na wasaidizi wake ambao ni mapepo mamlaka makubwa juu ya kila kitu hapa duniani; kuanzia angahewa la dunia hadi ardhi ya dunia nzima nasi wakazi wake tukijumuishwa. Abadani tusisahau kwamba, kwa kiasi kikubwa, kupambana kwetu kama Paulo anavyosema ni dhidi ya hawa mapepo na mfalme wao ambaye ni Shetani. Tunaishi katika eneo ambapo hata wao wanaishi." - Enock Maregesi
"Jambo ambalo Mungu anataka tulitambue ni kwamba hatuko wenyewe katika bahari hii ya hewa. Hata nyangumi na wazira waovu wanapozunguka huko na huko baharini, ambao pia ni mapepo, wanaochukuliwa kama viumbe wabaya na wachafu na wala mizoga, wanaishi katika bahari hii ya hewa pamoja na sisi. Ni muhimu, kwa ajili ya ustawi wetu wa kiroho, kusikia onyo la Paulo katika Waefeso 6:10-12 kwamba vita yetu si dhidi ya hawa viumbe, na wanapambana usiku na mchana kutetea kile ambacho wanaamini ni cha kwao kwa sababu ya haki ya kuwepo hapa kwanza kabla yetu. Dunia, Biblia inatwambia, ilikuwa makazi yao ya kwanza (Yuda 1:6, KJV). Wanatuchukia kwa sababu taratibu tunakuwa Baba na Mwana, na kwa sababu wanajua hii dunia, urithi wetu, itachukuliwa kutoka mikononi mwao na kukabidhiwa kwa wale ambao ni watoto wa Mungu, wale ambao ni marafiki wa msalaba wa Yesu Kristo." - Enock Maregesi
"Yo atravesé el duelo gracias a ellos y descubrí que los amigos nunca se apenan del todo en tu desgracia, porque les ofrece la más hermosa oportunidad para demostrarte cuánto les importas, cuánto se preocupan por ti, cuán generosa es su disposición." - David Trueba
"You read my words and instantly we are both connected" - Richard L.  Ratliff
"Is there anything better than loyal friend?" - Lailah Gifty Akita
"Don't hang out with people who are:" - Germany Kent
"We are loved way more by some of the people who have not contacted us in the last twelve or so months than we are loved by some of those who contact us every twelve or so days … or hours." - Mokokoma Mokhonoana
"He was easy to talk to, and easy not to talk to—equally important qualities in a friend." - Phil Knight
"You don't have to live happily ever after with every single person in your life in order to live happily ever after. Some unfortunate endings are necessary." - Joyce Rachelle
"Stop wearing that mask that is trying to be a match for everybody, and realise that you have to have more of a 1s and 10s model. A 1s and 10s model means that if you want to be a 10 for somebody you have to risk being a 1 for somebody else. [...] You wanna express who you really are." - Steve Pavlina
"Being blinded in love and friendship is a common mistake." - Eraldo Banovac
"During these hard times in the world we should always remember to keep our families and friends close." - Hyrum Yeakley
"Create an environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. Surround yourself with caring and positive people who support you, and reflect who you want to be." - Steve Maraboli
"Once you start questioning your beliefs, that's when it's all over. It is truly doubt that kills our conviction." - Hyrum Yeakley
"Better Associations:" - Israelmore Ayivor
"Never try to outgrow the people who were helping you walk," - Akash Lakhotia
"I'm determined that I won't give up on my dreams for anything. I have evolved in these years. Learned and outgrown a lot many things including the unrealistic expectations of my family,fake relationships,society's criticism,surpassed people who are intimidated by my outspoken nature, Faux friends and especially the people who disappear in dark whenever they think its easier for them to do so. I have grown over stupid and useless conversations. The insecurity and the feeling of self doubt. I have never been less burdened." - Parul Wadhwa
"You should be aware of fake friends because it is the hardest to be aware of." - Eraldo Banovac
"Ask your friends for help if you need it. Asking for help can be costly if you don't have friends." - Eraldo Banovac
"I use my friends rather as giglamps : There's another field I see: by your light. Over there's a hill. I widen my landscape." - Virginia Woolf
"The best gift your true friends will ever give you is carry your casket with respect. So be good to those you consider exceptional." - Robert Kodingo
"After you hear and listen. First must come desire. Second must come willingness." - Hyrum Yeakley
"To be a MVF (Most Valuable Friend), you need to tell your friends the pure truth about themselves. However, how you tell them the truth is the difference between being a villain or a hero." - Ben Tolosa
"Don't look for your best friend, my child...Is always with you. Is YOU and ONLY YOU" - Viorica Dragotel
"That was what made traveling appeal to him - he always made new friends, and he didn't need to spend all of his time with them." - Paulo Coelho
"We can easily be depleted from life and if we are truly lucky, we have that one friend who can replenish our love and peace. In our moment of revival, we can use that surrogate strength to create more... May we continue to make more." - Karen A. Baquiran
"Porque, según dices, lo que te molesta es un hecho que no va a cambiar jamás: Angelo está por encima de todo y de todos. Está por encima de mí misma" - Valeria Duval
"No sé en dónde voy a estar en cinco o diez años pero, si estoy con vida, es obvio que estaré a tu lado." - Valeria Duval
"A good friend is a balm for the heart." - Linda A. Tancs
"Which is worse? What people think about you, or that they don't think about you?" - Jennifer Trussel-Bagley
"Ask the person who found you about what kind of people they were looking for before meeting you, as they may not know that they have found one of them already." - Robin Sacredfire
"Ask the person who found you about what kind of people she was looking for before meeting you, as she may not know that she has found one of them already." - Robin Sacredfire
"Unfortunately, we often have shallow relationships because we have paper towel friends. We use them up and then throw them away when we don't need them anymore." - Jayce O'Neal
"I have stayed in touch and connected with many over the years. I am very lucky that way. Some that you don't expect to connect with you will wind up loving. The ones that you look forward to the most will sometimes let you down." - Michelle Visage
"All the things that you said when you thought I wasn't there," - Margo T. Rose
"If you are lucky enough to have a childhood" - Alicia Cook
"Taken from the dedication in my debut novel Exactly 23 days. To honour all women on International Women's day." - Jayne Higgins
"Don't wait until the fourth Thursday in November, to sit with family and friends to give thanks." - Charmaine J Forde
"Sometimes small friends make great friends." - Jeffrey Fry
"An honourable man is fair even to his enemies; a dishonourable man is unfair even to his friends!" - Mehmet Murat ildan
"Getting through life without a lot of money, possessions, and/or friends is admirable, especially if it is by choice." - Mokokoma Mokhonoana
"There are two kinds of people we meet in our lives who make a difference: those who remain in our lives and those we only meet once. Each kind has a different type of impact, but both are important." - Kenneth Eade
"I'd rather be a friendless loser than have a bunch of friends who secretly hated me. (spoken by Massie Block)" - Lisi Harrison
"There’s nothing typical about Genuine Love. To be loved authentically is to be blessed beyond measure. Only a fool would take advantage of something that so many people yearn for." - Stephanie Lahart
"And what's the irony?" - Deyth Banger
"My friend, let us enjoy the present and give no thought to the evils of the future." - Alexandre Dumas
"But that’s the way life is; felicity and expiation play together in the narrow lanes of life like bosom friends, inseparable. You find one, and the other is always around the corner." - Anurag Shourie
"That’s who you really like. The people you can think out loud in front of." - John Green
"Sometimes, even those whom we consider as our close friends may betray us so easily, in a moment when we do not even expect it. Such is the truth of life, despite so many eloquent odes humanity dedicated to friendship." - Sahara Sanders
"When you totally commit yourself to a project and do your work quietly and well, unknown friends will find you and angels will surround you." - Michael Hogan
"Find someone you care enough about to help you control your drinking. Preferably yourself." - Robert  Black
"My friend Bailey is looking at me with tears in her eyes and a smile of pure joy. She sees me, the real me, not the broken little bird that my mother sees, or the Ambassador of Hope that my father sees, or the girl who was stupid enough to walk off with a stranger and ruin everyone's lives that my sister sees. Bailey sees me as I want to be: a normal, non-newsworthy, non-broken, non-victimized sixteen-year-old girl." - Clara Kensie
"Dear lover, pull my ears and not my legs for it is better to be cautioned than to be lied to." - Temitayo Olami
"Life starts when you live for someones other than you, and ends when you stop living in others’ hearts! Birth & death are simply incidental." - Sandeep Sahajpal
"Su música es bonita, me parece increíble que algo tan bonito haya salido de alguien tan simple. O quizá ése es el motivo de su belleza, su facilidad." - Catalina Aguilar Mastretta
"¿Qué le debo a mis seres queridos? ¿Qué me debo a mí misma? ¿Será mi vida todo lo que debería? De todos los errores que no tienen remedio, ¿cuántos ya habré cometido? ¿Cuántos me quedan por cometer?" - Catalina Aguilar Mastretta
"We had been two sides of the same coin, attached by a force stronger than family or friends. We had been one." - Robin M. King
"It is much easier to make an Active Patriot into a friend rather than the other way around." - Mike Klepper
"There’s an innocence to her still that amazes me. Sometimes I forget she’s older than me. Then, I remember that she hasn’t gone through what I’ve gone through." - Zoe Cruz
"School friends rarely remembered, hardly forgotten...!!" - Akansh Malik
"AGAMEMNÔN. Il n’est pas facile à un roi d’être pieux." - Sophocles
"Own your own dreams" - Noel David
"there are signs to find ,understand person who is in love _ in little of sickness or in little success ,or failure ,their eyes ,and heart looks for their lovers .this is for both ,to understand depth of human relationship is so strong bonded ." - litymunshi
"there are signs to find ,understand person who is in love _ in little of sickness or in little success ,or failure ,their eyes ,and heart looks for their lovers .this is for both ,to understand depth of human relationship.which is so strong bonded ." - litymunshi
"Está bien", dije, "estoy agradecida de que sea una niña. Y espero que ella sea una tonta... eso es lo mejor que puede ser una niña en este mundo, una tontita hermosa..." - F. Scott Fitzgerald
"My life was bigger than any one person." - Robin Talley
"I want you to make a list of all of your favorite things, and I want to be on it." - Tahereh Mafi
"Friends are sometimes the only thing that keep us from plunging into the abyss. But you have to reach for them, and they have to be there on the other side of the cliff reaching out to you too." - Wendy Mills
"Last year I told Lori I thought I might be bi. Ever since, whenever she saw me looking at another girl, she asked if I liked her. Lori didn't get that sometimes it was fun just to notice people without having to think about whether you liked them or not." - Robin Talley
"A selfie has more face and fewer feelings." - Amit Kalantri
"Serafina, Ava, Ling, and Becca swam inside. Neela followed them, but at the very last second, shield. “I can’t,” she said. “Once I go in, there’s no way out again. This is real. You’re real. All this time, a part of me was hoping you were only a dream." - Jennifer Donnelly
"Why go with wrong, when right is an option?" - Devanshi Sharma
"There must be always wine and fellowship or we are truly lost." - Ann Fairbairn
"The laws of physics say if there’s a party, Isla will eventually end up dancing on a table." - Corey Ann Haydu
"ساعدني على أن أذكر أخطائي لأتخلص من عيوبي و أن أنسى أخطاء أصدقائي لأحتفظ بهم!" - علي أمين
"Sure, you can break a man. Bend his will, even, but be careful with the ones that break easily. Those are the ones you have to keep a close eye on. Those are the ones that play possum and hide in the shadows. Just waiting for their time to strike! That's when you're most vulnerable. When you're surrounded by friends." - Joe Reyes
"He watched over word and thought and deed as jealously as if her clear eyes were to pass judgement on it... She held over him the unconscious influence that every girl, whose ideals are high and pure, wields over her friends; an influence that would endure as long as she was faithful to those ideals and which she would certainly lose if she were ever false to them." - l.m. montgomery
"Very happy or unhappy, people disappear." - Amanda Craig
"Always know that you are being held accountable for your actions, by your friends, family, coworkers, and most importantly, by God. Lead by example and build a team of successful people around you. By being the dependable person, success is naturally attracted to you." - Farshad Asl
"Storm Sister--a friend who sticks close when storms hit her friend's life." - Afton Rorvik
"Our enemies make us strong, Miss Muffet, not our friends. Our friends will lie to us, tell us what we need to hear. Forgive us. We must keep a few good enemies on hand, always, to keep us sharp and teach us never to do anything that needs forgiveness." - Ann Rinaldi
"Performing magic in the live show thrills me. Just get me a deck of cards and some attentive audience, and I have made my day and theirs too" - Amit Kalantri
"How to look after your very drunk friend" - sara barnard
"On our own, we’d look totally normal. Together, we’re something else. Together, we’re special." - Corey Ann Haydu
"Friendship! That bond shared, not with the one you see every day but with the one that has got your back any day." - Olaotan Fawehinmi
"Being first to ask for help in a friendship takes courage and humility." - Afton Rorvik
"For a professional magician, a stack of playing cards is as good as a stack of money." - Amit Kalantri
"A “No Excuses” mindset in your family stems directly from your personal growth. If you are not growing as a person, the first impact will affect your family." - Farshad Asl 
"Because family and friends are the foundation of who you are, this is a realm where no excuses should exist. Give them your all without excuses." - Farshad Asl
"A magician may step out without a purse, but he should never step out without a pack of playing cards." - Amit Kalantri
"While toxic food is bad for your health and well-being, so are negative and unethical people." - Frank Sonnenberg
"A book can be a great friend, an advisor, a means to an end. A book reveals so much more than a movie would ever do. For example, when I watched the movie “The Hours” I was fascinated by the story. Just a year later I decided to read the book. And what was my surprise that I was even more dazzled by its writings than I was by the images… The images in my head were more vivid than the film could ever transport me to that feminine universe that the author was trying (and so successfully granted me) to conceive…" - Ana Claudia Antunes
"For there is no such thing:" - Ana Claudia Antunes
"Unfortunately, people who always tell the truth don't have many friends." - Eraldo Banovac
"If someone breaks your best friend's heart, you should break their face" - Abby Shanley
"Beautiful is sick, so we’re here to smother her back to health." - B.L. Brunnemer
"Pull something out and show me.” I said thoughtlessly. Isaac started snickering, Ethan joined in. Asher was holding back a laugh, his cheeks turning pink. I thought about what I said and started laughing. There are just some things you can’t say in a room full of guys." - B.L. Brunnemer
"She had platonic all but tattooed on her forehead." - Kelly Moran
"True friends chop the onions and cry together." - Ljupka Cvetanova
"Cutting out drama... Healthy mind and body choices... Intent followed by action... Keeping real friends and letting go of the pretends... Livin' clean for Twenty Seventeen!" - Steve Maraboli
"Conversations between friends are the craziest and funniest of all." - Mohith Agadi
"The guilt you felt" - Kamand Kojouri
"He pictured himself at the lake, on a houseboat. Dekka would be there, and Brianna and Jack. He would have friends. He wouldn’t be alone." - Michael  Grant
"Look, I’ve already fucked you twice. You don’t have to flatter me. Besides, I love my friends way too much to trade them in for the sake of looking hotter." - Kody Keplinger
"Life experiences shared with a friend will turn into memories to be enjoyed." - James Hauenstein
"When the well's nearly dry and you're not sure you have the strength to persevere, fill up on love and friendship, then take another step, and then another, until you reach your goal." - Liza M. Wiemer
"Because you thought love was just gonna be there. You weren't taught that it had to be made, it had to be mixed, kneaded, recycled. Over and over, you have to keep creating it. Over and over with everyone you love. Over and over." - Darnell Lamont Walker
"... If I wanna shit I am going to buy it from the shop... what I need now is a friend on which I can count on... you know the drill." - Deyth Banger
"See, that’s what I want more of. A little spunk!"" - Jodi Ellen Malpas
"a good friendship is beneficial to both, a bought friend is a free enemy that no one can afford." - Antwine Huffman
"I am never one to judge others; I am so eccentric myself that I have no right to cast aspersions. A person may or may not like a thing, and I have little to say other than I love it too or how could you dare not like it please die promptly, but I leave everyone to find their own niches in time. We are all avid about certain things; I happen to rave over many subjects, all of which have a place in the Kingdom of Nerdonia, and whenever I hear someone unjustly disparage a thing I consider sacred, I lay it down that the person is either mistaken or a dunderwhelp, the latter being the likeliest of the two. There is a great difference between knowledge accompanied by bias and ignorance accompanied by gallantry, and while all tastes may be what they are, there are bare necessities that will immediately define a character and relationship, these things usually being how many Monty Python lines one knows and whether or not they know what Iocaine is." - Michelle Franklin
"I have a wide circle of friends, wide enough to keep them away from me." - Ljupka Cvetanova
"Quinn came forward and Sam pulled him aside. His old friend looked tortured and sad." - Michael  Grant
"They make friends, they laugh, they share" - Christina Engela
"A friend is someone who makes you a better version of yourself just by being who they are. Their existence is your inspiration." - Toni Sorenson
"When your lover is your best friend…then you know you’re one of the few and the fortunate." - Toni Sorenson
"Friends don’t come ready-made or one-size-fits-all. True friends are always custom fit and one-of-a-kind…just for you." - Toni Sorenson
"Friends hurt friends. They don’t mean to, but it happens. So friendship is made of forgiveness as much as it is love." - Toni Sorenson
"She explains that often the people who mean the most to us have to be left behind because they cannot follow us along our destined path." - Ruth Prawer Jhabvala
"When you're alone, you harbour one hundred percent all off the good things. But this also means that you harbour all the bad things. I learnt my own goals slowed down when I was with others, but having shared the good things, sharing the pain, having that friendship excelled what I alone couldn't do. It doesn't need to be logical, friendships are a part of life, and when is that logical? Life doesn't make sense, but you don't have to live it alone." - Michael Rogers
"When you're alone, you harbour one hundred percent all of the good things. But this also means that you harbour all the bad things. I learnt my own goals slowed down when I was with others, but having shared the good things, sharing the pain, having that friendship excelled what I alone couldn't do. It doesn't need to be logical, friendships are a part of life, and when is that logical? Life doesn't make sense, but you don't have to live it alone." - Michael  Rogers
"When you're alone, you harbour one hundred percent of all the good things. But this also means that you harbour all the bad things. I learnt my own goals slowed down when I was with others, but having shared the good things, sharing the pain, having that friendship excelled what I alone couldn't do. It doesn't need to be logical, friendships are a part of life, and when is that logical? Life doesn't make sense, but you don't have to live it alone." - Michael  Rogers
"A man cannot be too careful in selecting the individual who is intrusted with his cartel. He should run over the names of his friends, and endeavour to obtain the services of a staid, cool, calculating old fellow; if possible, one who has seen some few shots exchanged: but I should advise his never choosing an Irishman on any account, as nine out of ten of those I have had the pleasure of forming an acquaintance with, both abroad and in this country, have such an innate love of fighting, they cannot bring an affair to an amicable adjustment." - A Traveller
"Della guerra, a me e Alì non è mai importato niente. Si sparassero pure per strada, non ci riguardava. Perché la guerra non poteva toglierci l'unica cosa importante: quello che lui era per me e quello che io ero per lui." - Giuseppe Catozzella
"All the magicians have 52 mutual friends." - Amit Kalantri
"Do not allow your happiness to be controlled by the thoughts of others. People are happy for you one minute and then the next they are looking down their noses at you. You have to find within yourself the kind of happiness that withstands the ups and downs of life. No one should have the power to limit or repress your happiness." - Amaka Imani Nkosazana
"It is often while travelling through the dark that you find the ones who shine brightest in your life. For they are the ones who remind you of your own beautiful light and show up, without a second thought, in your pain, as well as your glory." - Anna Taylor
"A slip of the foot may injure your body, but a slip of the tongue will injure your bond." - Amit Kalantri
"If people don't appreciate your REAL self it's hard to be with them, but you only find TRUE friends by SHOWING that self & TRUSTING." - Jay Woodman
"I am often amused and sometimes amazed by the free-reign constructs of my mind. That is why I converse regularly with myself - I am one of my better friends..." - Gavin Mills
"Vulnerability creates unimaginable space to build each other up, as much as it creates ample room to tear each other down." - Craig D. Lounsbrough
"If two people are so unalike, as you and I, they are pleased when they discover points of agreement. But if they are as alike as Nietzsche and I, they suffer from their differences." - H.F. Peters
"You'd think that a redheaded boy with glasses who was named Howard and had an up-down walk would have a lot more to wish for than being friends with me. But I admit I felt a smile on my face and hope in my heart, 'cause maybe wishes really do come true. Maybe some wishes just take longer than others." - Barbara O'Connor
"The familiar (if loud) churn of the engine made it hard to talk, especially with the windows open (the air-conditioning didn’t work), but the day was warm and they blasted the music and sang along. Nessa loved singing at full volume. She couldn’t carry a tune, but with Bree it didn’t matter." - C. D. Bell
"Maybe consequences are dear friends in stealthy disguise." - Craig D. Lounsbrough
"If you're with someone, but you're constantly worried about what they think of you, you're with the wrong person." - Wayne Gerard Trotman
"As a rule, she didn’t like boys very much, but she had to admit, Charlie was actually pretty nice." - Sarah Weeks
"Santi and Wolfe exchanged a look. Wolfe inclined his head a little to the side, with a strange, crooked smile. "You see? They're as bad as we are."" - Rachel Caine
"It's amazing how willingly one can tell to a new face, and how restrained one may be from telling a familiar one." - Lauren Lola
"You will meet people in life who will just dislike you for no reason, not because there is anything wrong with you but because everything is going right for you. Until they master their own peace, they will always try to destroy yours." - Keysha Jade
"La gente entra y sale de tu vida. Por un tiempo son tu mundo; lo son todo. Y un día ya no lo son. No hay manera de decir cuánto tiempo los tendrás cerca." - Jenny Han
"When you have everything in life, you have friends, when you have nothing, you have true friends. The fact that somebody is close to you does mean they are your friend. Be wise!" - Oscar Bimpong
"My friends don't think they're rich, because they know someone who's richer." - Craig Groeschel
"At home in the nursery, I usually played alone. Actually, I seldom played, I spoke to the wallpaper. The many dark circles in the pattern of the wallpaper seemed like people to me. I made up stories in which they appeared, either I told them the stories or they played with me, I never got tired of the wallpaper people and I could talk to them for hours." - Elias Canetti
"To be friends.... or not... to be or not... to be or not...." - Deyth Banger
"What rubs off on me is hard to rub off. So, I’d better figure out what I rubbing up against." - Craig D. Lounsbrough
"That was the moment when Alice knew for sure that she and Charlie Erdling would be friends for the rest of their lives." - Sarah Weeks
"So how did you think about him?” Rachel asks." - Kathryn Holmes
"Two friends... let's put them place... they have never been in jail, give them a knife some reasonable conflicts some doubts and watch the effect." - Deyth Banger
"Friendship/Relationship... all is about the deal and business... give or take!?" - Deyth Banger
"Some friends give bad advice because they live a bad life." - Errol Anthony Smythe
"They were all becoming brothers, in the manner he had seen before: facing death together was the greatest of levelers." - Tad Williams
"Some people, though related by blood, are as sworn enemies. Others, bound only by friendship, would die for one another." - Beem Weeks
"When God keeps away certain people from you, it may be that the person is not good for you." - Norhafsah Hamid
"See, that’s what I want more of. A little spunk!’" - Jodi Ellen Malpas
"If you aren't destroying your enemies, it's because you have been conquered and assimilated, you do not even have an idea of who your enemies are. You have been brainwashed into believing you are your own enemy, and you are set against yourself. The enemy is laughing at you as you tear yourself to pieces. That is the most effective warfare an enemy can launch on his foes: confounding them." - Bangambiki Habyarimana
"Stay away from people who drive your emotions crazily. Find a better company!" - Israelmore Ayivor
"If I had to get there without friends, I could do it. Had been doing it. I'd never met anyone who brought me somewhere I wanted to stay, looked at me and saw someone I wanted to be for good; anyone who was worth giving up the more I wanted down the line." - Tana French
"12. There will come a day, much quicker than your parents would wish, when you will no longer be comfortable living at home. You will want to move out and establish a home of your own. After that time, your mother and father will be more like your friends than your parents. And someday, if they live long enough, you will be more like a parent to them than a son or daughter." - James C. Dobson
"You have to know who to keep near you and those you should be far away from." - Israelmore Ayivor
"It doesn't matter if you never see someone again, I told myself. There are millions of people in the world, and most of them never see each other in the first place." - Lemony Snicket
"Everyone knows a wife and kids tie you down. What people miss sometimes is that mates, the proper kind, they do the same just as hard. Mates mean you've settled, made your bargain: this, wherever you are together, this is as far as you're going, ever. This is your stop; this is where you get off." - Tana French
"Something now leaves me; something goes from me to meet that figure who is coming, and assures me that I know him before I see who it is. How curiously one is changed by the addition, even at a distance, of a friend. How useful an office one's friends perform when they recall us. Yet how painful to be recalled, to be mitigated, to have one's self adulterated, mixed up, become part of another. As he approaches I become not myself but Neville mixed with somebody - with whom? - with Bernard? Yes, it is Bernard, and it is to Bernard that I shall put the question, Who am I?" - Virginia Woolf
"Knowing who you are is more valuable than having ten 'friends' who don't even know who they are, but who judge you anyway." - Christina Engela
"All suffering is caused by one belief....the belief in separation" - Vivian Amis
"Better associations" - Israelmore Ayivor
"You will never be able to go to the east if you follow people who are on the way that leads to the west." - Israelmore Ayivor
"Nature gave you brothers and sisters and you have no right to choose who should become your relative. But the good news is that you have the right to choose your friends. You determine who to be free with and who to fire out." - Israelmore Ayivor
"A man dies as often as he loses his friends." - Francis Bacon
"Money is not respect. Neither is power. And if people respect you for your money or your power, it isn't you they respect - but the money or the power." - Christina Engela
"Living in the past is always a bad idea; yet, on some level I believe the ones we love, even though not part of our present, are the very definition of who we are, the driving force of what we aspire to be, and at the end of the day, the past we must look to in order to improve who we will become. After all, we do not learn from what has not happened, but what has been, and what we will choose to keep or leave behind. Friendship, true friendship is never blind, but it holds the value of forgiveness - separating what we may or may have not done within the realm of mistakes....seeking the outcome of making us into better people." - Tony C. Skye
"Your life is going to be influenced by friends you mingle with." - Israelmore Ayivor
"Les faux savants sont comme tes amis qui chantent avec les chansons anglaises ; de loin, tu penses qu'ils connaissent les paroles par cœur, mais une fois la chanson s'arrête, tu te rends compte qu'ils ne savent rien!" - Mohsen Sheha
"Keep your circle of friends small, tight and right" - Levon Peter Poe
"But I couldn’t comprehend this making friends business. My friends had always made me." - Colin MacLaughlin
"A truly successful life is one filled with friends so it helps if people like being around you. If you suspect they don’t, have a think about how strongly you exhibit ‘likeable’ qualities such as listening well, being trustworthy, kind, generous, compassionate, fun, positive and unselfish. The good news is that you can learn such qualities even if they don’t come naturally to you." - Nigel Cumberland
"If people aren't there for you now, when you really need them, they never will be, and it's time to move on. You'll be amazed by how many new friends you have in the" - Alice Hoffman
"For the first time in his life Faris felt happy and for only the second time in his life he felt he’d found a friend, and that was worth being crazy for." - Melanie Cusick-Jones
"Una volta, il mio capitano disse che nella vita si incontrano persone che, crediamo, diventeranno nostri compagni di viaggio, ma poi le perdiamo per strada. Altre persone da cui non ci aspettiamo molto, invece, scalano montagne insieme a noi. Il mio capitano concludeva - solo quando il bere lo faceva diventare sentimentale- che è meglio non chiedere al destino che cosa ha in serbo per noi, o dove porta la nostra strada." - Sally Gardner
"Friends for life?" - Christina Engela
"Don’t worry, Miss Brielle. To be honest, the ones with a little bit of crazy have always been my favorite." - C.J. Milbrandt
"Face it, friends. For this journey, roads are optional." - C.J. Milbrandt
"Zane sighed. Jovan and Mother were just the same. “Maybe later” meant no." - C.J. Milbrandt
"It melted my heart, no matter how much strangers love you, like you or praise you but if your closer ones believes in you and your dreams, then you have a life, which is worth it, there is nothing better than friends and family." - Shaikh Ashraf
"يجب أن تكون عندنا مقبرة جاهزة ندفن فيها أخطاء الأصدقاء" - أنيس منصور
"Dawn and dusk are mutual friends of the sun; one opens the door for him to a brand new day and the other one has to shut it to embrace the darkness of night." - Munia Khan
"Home is where your people are." - Richie Norton
"If I have friends how come I always feel alone?" - Sally Green
"We sometimes try to impress people we just met by not trying to impress them." - Mokokoma Mokhonoana
"To me, re-reading my favorite books is like spending time with my best friends." - C S Lewis
"The heart of a woman is the best mirror you can find." - Erin Loechner
"Now is the time to make sure we have the strings of all the balloons we want to keep before they all float away." - Maggie Stiefvater
"Protect me from my friends" - Lil Wayne
"Among the worst things about growing old is the loss of those irreplaceable friends who added richness and depth to your life." - Pat Conroy
"Ay, you've already seen that you and your master aren't quite at home in this world, at least not like before.' Terence nodded slowly. 'It'll only get stronger, too,' Robin continued. 'Soon you'll find yourself looking into people's eyes to see if they've been there. And once you find someone who has, you'll greet him as a long-lost friend and take him to your heart." - Gerald Morris
"The ones who lived, who truly lived, they make an imprint on our lives. They leave their mark in our hearts. They change the course of our fates and our destinies. Those are the real heroes. The ones who cared enough for a human being that they rewrote their futures." - Mordred
"If I were a seagull" - Caroline B. Cooney
"Am I a friend or a prospect? Imagine how much kinder life would be if people put as much effort into befriending others instead of trying to sell them something." - Donna Lynn Hope
"Anything was possible when people had secrets. And" - Joy Preble
"I’d never have predicted I would lose touch with him – before, that is, I did. I thought I had my reasons. But it turns out that they weren’t good reasons. It turns out that you should never lose contact with the people who are supposed to be important in your life. There is no excuse in doing that." - Sarah Moore Fitzgerald
"One did not fully exist without the other." - Kate Mildenhall
"There is now a distance," - Jasleen Kaur Gumber
"I beg your pardon." Tameka held up her hand and shook her head in disbelief. "Did we just get passed by a centaur?"" - M.A. Wilder
"She was at the same table near the back where three nights ago I'd sat entranced by her songs. And where the two of us had talked like old friends." - Mike Bond
"I want we to be friends, not to follow you." - Deyth Banger
"people who ran away are friends!" - Bilal Tanweer
"In failure, you begin to lose friends. In success, you lose most of them." - Arvind Parashar
"You may wonder how I managed to make these friends. Well, I will tell you. Making friends is actually not that hard when you drop every single one of your standards." - Leila Sales
"Social values, friends, communities and families control our thoughts." - Balroop Singh
"Charles Schwab: Be friends with everybody. When you have friends you will know there is somebody who will stand by you. You know the old saying, that if you have a single enemy you will find him everywhere. It doesn’t pay to make enemies. Lead the life that will make you kind and friendly to everyone about you, and you will be surprised what a happy life you will live." - John C. Maxwell
"Why is there always this twitchiness, when you introduce a man to a woman friend, about whether the man will be bored or put off?" - Alice Munro
"It's like a blueberry White Russian,' John said, now on his third spoonful." - Eric Spitznagel
"Green light,” she called, and I watched Becky run ahead until she was just a few inches from Michelle. Kayla was right next to her. Just as she reached out to tag Michelle, Kayla pushed into Becky’s back hard, and Becky flew forward." - Laura Smith
"Kayla jumped down off of the monkey bars. I thought she was going to apologize. Instead, she pointed at Becky and laughed as hard as she could." - Laura Smith
"The next morning, I woke up to hear Becky moaning and rustling around in her bed covers." - Laura Smith
"You never lose Friends." - Wordions
"When you love someone, you end up caring about each and every person they love. When you hate someone, you end up caring about every single person who hates them." - Mokokoma Mokhonoana
"I threw my 20th birthday party at Brown, and I didn’t even have to say to anyone not to put pictures on Facebook. Not a single picture went up. That was when I knew I’d found a solid group of friends, and I felt like I belonged." - Emma Watson
"Fake people will insult you infront of the whole world but those who are true to you will insult you more but in private." - Shizra
"And then to my surprise in one of them I discovered the original manuscript of On Friendship. Puzzled, I unrolled it, thinking I must have brought it with me by mistake. But when I saw that Cicero had copied out at the top of the roll in his shaking hand a quotation from the text, on the importance of having friends, I realised it was a parting gift: If a man ascended into heaven and gazed upon the whole workings of the universe and the beauty of the stars, the marvellous sight would give him no joy if he had to keep it to himself. And yet, if only there had been someone to describe the spectacle to, it would have filled him with delight. Nature abhors solitude." - Robert   Harris
"Someone once said: "We do not make friends, we recognize them." And you'll know who they are because they play according to the same rules that you do." - Ken Niimura
"Family does not mean people with the same last name or the same DNA. It means people who care about you, who you trust, who you care about--people you can count on." - Kris Radish
"Aleks opened his mouth to reassure his friend when he heard something that chilled him to the bone." - Alanea Alder
"We always want to hold on tight to those we love; but if we intend to keep those we love, we must let go every once in awhile." - Imania Margria
"Death can surprise us. It can scare us. It can keep us up at night. But we’ve also learned the things that death cannot do. It cannot crush our hopes. It cannot take away the love and support of our friends and family." - John Corey Whaley
"He's a good old sort. If only he weren't plumb crazy!" - Michael Ende
"One of the parrots was very friendly with...Master of the Robes. He used to feed it nuts. As it nibbled from his fingers, he used to stroke its head, at which the bird appeared to enter a state of ecstasy. I very much wanted this kind of friendliness and several times tried to get a similar response, but to no avail. So I took a stick to punish it. Of course, thereafter it fled at the sight of me. This was a very good lesson in how to make friends: not by force but by compassion." - Dalai Lama XIV
"Oscar had a straightforward, dimpled, happy smile. It was one of the hundreds of great things about him." - Sarah Moore Fitzgerald
"Enjoy without injury, live without loss." - Amit Kalantri
"Most people are willing to promise you a lot. A few are those who can promise you a little, just as much as they can." - Ljupka Cvetanova
"Έχω τη βασανιστική αίσθηση ότι οι αληθινοί μου φίλοι με περιμένουν πέρα από το κολέγιο, ασυνήθιστες γυναίκες, με φιλοδοξίες τόσο μεγάλες όσο τα παραπτώματα του παρελθόντος τους." - Lena Dunham
"...once again I saw that incredulous question, that dawning hope: We are not alone, then? We have brothers in other places? We have friends we never knew?" - Brother Andrew
"You can tell a good friends in bad times" - Beta Metani' Marashi
"I saw a guy faint at the W. M. Keck Observatory, he stepped out from the tour group and said to me "I'm feeling sick" and then his eyes rolled back and his knees gave way! The group caught him on his way to the ground and he got free emergency medical oxygen for half an hour before being evacuated off the summit by his tour group!!! His friends stated that he was considered the healthiest person in the group while he was gasping for breaths of life on the summit of Mauna Kea! Never saw him again." - Steven Magee
"Everyone who I called my friends, persons who I used to hang out with, these were the individuals who formed and made up the gang known as the Rebellion Raiders. So when the gang was formed I was automatically a part of it, because it was formed by my friends. I didn’t have to go out and join the gang. Troit Lynes, former death row inmate of Her Majesty Prison in the Bahamas" - Drexel Deal
"Poverty has deceived many of us into believing that some people who are in that state love the food, clothes, places, and people that they do not even like. The same can be said about wealth." - Mokokoma Mokhonoana
"Bill was wrestling with his undercooked chicken. "Wow," I remarked while examining my own plate. "I don't think I can eat this."" - Hope Jahren
"Angels are showing up in our lives as friends. We just have to recognize them." - Debasish Mridha
"Troubles often decides your deepest friends," - Bradley B. Dalina
"I am so grateful that I have my family and friends on this journey. They are my blessings! I need them; and just the same, I know they need me too. That is why I have never thought of giving up." - Kcat Yarza
"The patches are the stories. Hold onto that. And the muddy zigzag of ducktape against the cracked doorglass. There's four kids who sleep here, a nuff for the fingers on each otherses hands. There's room in each of them for one important thing. They're a band. It's not they're in a band. They're a band. Four spikes of ducktape, up and down, like mountain peaks or a sawblade. Every band's got a sign, something to sew on your jacket, gouge on the wall at a show. Four spikes up and down say MEATHEADS, and you picked a fucked window to knock at, tourist. They're the best band in the world." - Noah Wareness
"Another thing about Oscar is that he wasn’t afraid of anyone. And he always made up his own mind, no matter what other people said. They’re two of the best things I remember about him now." - Sarah Moore Fitzgerald
"What am I going to do without you, Oscar?’" - Sarah Moore Fitzgerald
"[Carmen] knew a worse friend would have made her feel better." - Ann Brashares
"After all we have few friends, if we don't show that we care about them, we will reach 0 friends..." - Deyth Banger
"FORKED BRANCHES" - Suzy Kassem
"Remember, there are people who care for us: there are some who grow food for us, some who cook for us, some who take our trash out, some who keep us safe, some who call us late at night when it’s been a tough day and some who are right by our side the next morning when we are sick, some who smile at us, some who hold the door for us, some who compliment us, who back us, who pray for us. And, they can be friends and family and mentors and relatives and sometimes, in fact, most of the times, even perfect strangers. Let’s be grateful to each one of them, let’s be grateful to all those around us." - Sharad Vivek Sagar
"Don't allow anyone to hold you back from expressing your feelings. Maybe you just can't stand a chance of losing some friends, but if you must be truly you, you must be you! Nothing else!" - Michael Bassey Johnson
"لنكن أصدقاء - يقولها اثنان من المحبين عندما يقرران الانفصال" - أنيس منصور
"We grew up on the same street," - Suzy Kassem
"Sometimes the greatest storms bring out the greatest beauty… Life can be a storm, but your hope is a rainbow and your friends and family are the gold." - Steve Maraboli
"A lot of people pray for power, house, financial breakthrough, wealth etc. But only few ask God for wisdom. There are so many great power pack man and women of God who lack wisdom." - Patience Johnson
"You cannot occupy a proper place on earth without wisdom. It is the principal thing you must have." - Patience Johnson
"There is no gift of principles, you must apply them if you want to move forward." - Patience Johnson
"Walking with my doggy is so much fun!" - Ana Claudia Antunes
"If you let life pass you by now, it won't ever come back. You don't get another chance." - Danielle Steel
"You cannot have a dream and expect someone else's faith to make it a reality for you." - Patience Johnson
"It's better to be friends with someone that is willing to be your friend than someone that doesn't." - PureDragonWolf
"It's sad when you realize that people you've loved (whether friends, family, or loved ones) are going down paths you know you can't take. It's especially sad when you realize that it's because you don't want to take it, because you two are too different. It's sad when people who used to energize you with their presence, now only drain you with their mere words." - Jennifer Megan Varnadore
"I know I could’ve been on the other side of the line too. I refuse to accept injustice and inequality because I know it can be against any one of us, our brothers and sisters and friends and family. I know it’s personal. I know this is our only chance, our only planet, our only shot. And, I know this is my brick." - Sharad Vivek Sagar
"Everyday we can't connect but GOOD THINGS may be connected" - Hitesh Chorada
"The money you are looking for is not in any country, phd or your designer outlook, it is in wisdom. Solomon never prayed for wealth but he asked for wisdom." - Patience Johnson
"God's word will produce with your level of understanding. The much you can understand it, the more wisdom you are privileged to have." - Patience Johnson
"Have you ever reached to a point where you asked God if the assignment is really from Him. In your account you have just 100 dollars and He is asking you to execute a 400 million dollar project. Have you reached to the point that you consider going further will make no sense? Have you reached the point where you asked God are you sure you are still with me?" - Patience Johnson
"That you are a born again Christian does not mean you will automatically succeed except you follow God's principles. Never forget faith without good work is dead." - Patience Johnson
"If somebody is going to kill me or hurt me..., let's be the enemy not my friends!" - Deyth Banger
"Sometimes I feel that what used to be once casual conversations between friends are now being substituted with forced conversations containing none of the warmth it possessed earlier. It's better to not have any conversation at all than have forced conversations." - Adhish Mazumder
"Friends??" - Deyth Banger
"Sometimes we forget how important it is just to show up and take care of the good friendships that we have, or might like to have. Good friendships are hard to come by." - Lik Hock Yap Ivan
"If you want to be in my life offer me the best of your time , not the one when you have nothing to do ; offer the best of your self and i'll do the same for you." - Robin Dabhi
"If you can learn something from that person add him in your list if you can't ignore him." - Deyth Banger
"This woman is so didactic I think I may scream. If it's bleeding, bandage it. If it's crying, hug it. If it's hopeless, pray for it. If it's dead, resurrect it." - Rachel Allord
"Every connection you create either helps or hurts you" - Bernard Kelvin Clive
"The real friends are out there on you won, on your lost and on your special days. If they aren't there, take it like they aren't your friends, find other friends. This are fake!" - Deyth Banger
"when they asked me : why you still you use this old photo?" - Nabil TOUSSI
"Wisdom is knowing the right thing to do and doing it at the right time to get the desired result. It is also the correct application of knowledge." - Patience Johnson
"A man with wisdom will always have a solution no matter how big his challenges may be. Wisdom makes you a problem solver." - Patience Johnson
"School does not make people, it is learning that makes people great, that is why you see first class students fail and poor. The world is not ruled by those who went to school, it is ruled by those who learn everyday." - Patience Johnson
"Wisdom cannot be bought from the walmart, it can only come from the Holy Spirit of God." - Patience Johnson
"There are too many stars in the sky and none of them is overshadowing the other. Don't let anybody be a threat to your growth." - Patience Johnson
"If you want to see the beauty of any fish, throw it into the water, you will see how best it can swim because that is its source. Do you want to see the beauty in you? Don't look in the mirror, don't put on makeups, no jewelleries or expensive designer clothes, just go back and reconnect to your source and I bet, the best of you will show up. Until you return back to God, your best won't come out because He is your source." - Patience Johnson
"If want to become a person with vision, get back and reconnect to your source." - Patience Johnson
"In politics no permanent friends, no permanent enemies but permanent interest." - Patience Johnson
"Wisdom is the mother of solutions. You cannot upgrade in wisdom and lack solutions and you cannot have a wisdom and be stranded in any challenge you face." - Patience Johnson
"Even with fasting and prayers you still need wisdom. At the root of every great accomplishment is wisdom. In all your getting get wisdom first." - Patience Johnson
"People with vision sees opportunity where there is problem. They see money not problem." - Patience Johnson
"Blind minds are worst than blind eyes. That you have eyes does not mean that you have vision. Visionaries do not look they see whlie people look." - Patience Johnson
"You cannot use another man's leg to run your race. Wives stop waiting for your husbands to do everything. For God's sake make an impact. Nobody is a threat to your development." - Patience Johnson
"I am the most important person to me. I am the most important person in the entire universe to me. I am the centre of my own universe." - Patience Johnson
"Faith is never connected to safe. There is no faith without tension. For a rubber band to function to it's elasticity, it has to experience a tension. Saints of God who has no tension has no function." - Patience Johnson
"Negative prophecies are reversible. The Lord reveals to conquer. You are created to reverse any negative with your prayers and the word of God." - Patience Johnson
"If knowledge is lacking, your destruction is inevitable." - Patience Johnson
"Every crisis is a wisdom crisis. If you have no peace around you then you lack wisdom." - Patience Johnson
"I think it will be better if we can live our life as if Christ is going to return today and plan our live as if it is hundred years off. Keep living, serving and most of all be prepared." - Patience Johnson
"Without you discovering your true picture, it will be hard to have a glorious future. It is the discovery of what you have inside and the pursuit of it that can guarantee a glorious future" - Patience Johnson
"There's supposed to be more value in your life than spending more than sixty hours in a week in a place you don't care about and in an environment they don't care about you." - Patience Johnson
"People would want to get safe and come to Christ because they see the evidence in your life not because you quote the scriptures to them." - Patience Johnson
"If satan succeds in blinding your mind, he has succeeded in arresting you because anything that can stop you from believing can stop your future." - Patience Johnson
"No satan can unsettle what God has settled." - Patience Johnson
"It is impossible to enjoy divine protection without the word of God. You must be a word addict." - Patience Johnson
"The church preach so much about power in the kingdom of God but we don't talk about wisdom. Everybody goes for power forgeting that power without wisdom can be disastrous." - Patience Johnson
"Do you want to acquire God's own wisdom? Relate with the Holy Spirit. Be a seeker of divine guidance by the Holy Spirit. You can't be a man or woman of solution without God." - Patience Johnson
"The world is full of problems and I bet you the problems will continue to exist but what will make you relevant to the world is when you have answers to the questions the world asks. You can only be useful when you have the answers to the questions of the world. The best way you provide solutions and answers to those challenges is through wisdom." - Patience Johnson
"Wherever problem persist, wisdom is lacking. There is no problem anywhere except wisdom problem. Wisdom provides solutions where there is complications." - Patience Johnson
"When wisdom comes, transformation comes. Wisdom makes the difference between the succeeding man and the failing man." - Patience Johnson
"The quality of a friend is one who can touch your heart and soul from across the world or across the room. Trust that person who can see through the sadness behind your smile. The one who can hear your words in your silence, can feel your love in your anger, trust them. They are your REAL, TRUE and PURE friends.﻿" - Angie karan
"Us is my favorite people." - Rick Riordan
"Show me your friends and I'll show you your future." - Moosa Rahat
"By nature man without woman can feel no joy. She is his mother, his sister, his loving friend. She is seldom his enemy." - Christine de Pizan
"No man's advice can change you unless you speak to yourself. Bible school or seminars can't change you, going to church can't change you except you decide to change." - Patience Johnson
"Sure we all need money but what do you really focus on? It is a matter of the heart. If your thoughts are on material and worldly things, no good fruits can come out of it." - Patience Johnson
"Asha stared as Mari for a while, her face once again betraying no emotions. "When we were acolytes, newly come to the Mage Guild Hall on Ihris, Mage Alain once tried to catch me as I fell. He was punished for this." Her gaze went to Alain. "We talked. In the first days. Before such things were driven from us. He was...he could have been...someone..."" - Jack Campbell
"Success affects the number of friends you have infinitely more than how the number of friends you have affects your success." - Tiffany L. Jackson
"Never limit oneself based on the limitations of others. If you can not inspire them - leave them to be inspired by your lead" - Tiffany Luard
"We are so much distracted nowadays. There is so much distractions in the world today call it internet, media, football matches etc. but don't let it consume you." - Patience Johnson
"Poor means when we lack things in our lives. There are two types of poverty. ...those that need food and shelter and those that need God in their lives. We are called to service to help both group of people as much as we can." - Patience Johnson
"Even though it may look like the wicked is gaining ground, God is still in control. We need to pray for our nations, pray for others, pray for forgiveness and mercy over people. We need to love no matter who we are talking to, whether they are Atheist, Moslems, Lesbians, Homosexuals or Pagans. We need to love them and share the love of God with them and not judge and see if we can rebuild our broken nations." - Patience Johnson
"Understand something people, we will be hated by many in the name of Christ, ridiculed, mocked, stoned, slaughtered. We will be fined, jailed and killed for our love for Christ. You are supposed to see better with your eyes today, how close this is happening, just prepare your heart and soul to be braver than Peter and not deny Christ in the moment your life might be in jeopardy for Him and what you believe. Apostle Pauls says to live is Christ to die is gain." - Patience Johnson
"The devil comes to steal, kill and destroy and his followers do the same. Be watchful and keep that in mind." - Patience Johnson
"It's a discomfiting thing to have the person you love more than anything in the world toss a knife at your friend's head and walk away." - Cecily White
"En saa kalden god Ven fortaalte mig nyeligen udi Fortroelighed, at nogle udi et vist Selskab talede ilde om min Person, og at han havde taget mig udi Forsvar. Jeg takkede ham for hans Forsvar; men sagde derhos, at jeg vilde have været ham end meer Tak skyldig, hvis han ikke havde fortaalt mig det selv: Thi jeg kunde ikke ansee slige Rapporter som Venskabs-Tegn, saasom de tiene til intet, uden at sætte en udi Bevægelse, og at saae U-eenigheds Sæd blant Mennesker. Jeg holder just ikke den for min Fiende, som i et lystigt Sælskab skiemter med min Person, men heller den som rapporterer mig saadant Skiemt: Den første meener over et Glas Viin ofte intet dermed, men skiemter, enten for at vise sin frugtbare Geist, eller for at giøre Selskabet lystigt. Den anden derimod, som forebringer mig Snak, som er mig umagtpaaliggende at vide, og som han kand være forsikkret om at ville foruroelige mit Sind, kand intet Godt derved meene." - Ludvig Holberg
"Can we be friends??" - Deyth Banger
"Under friends I just understand people which share the same ideas and thoughts which will mean.... Ops my mistake... I was just looking are you following or you like because of the crowd?" - Deyth Banger
"Elevate yourself away from anything or anyone who stunts your growth by distraction, you will never get round to watering your own plant if you wait for there approval to do so. Before you know it there garden will be full and yours would never have been started." - Keysha Jade
"Books understand me, but humans don't understand me. They are bad friends books are forever as well as computer's and Tv and everything else which doesn't have soul. Although that dogs and cats and many other animals are quite interesting friends." - Deyth Banger
"Being Friends with you was great but now we will be lovers." - V.Kuotsu
"Being friends with you was great but now we will be both friends and lovers." - v.Kuotsu
"True friends are like diamonds. They shine for you even on the darkest days." - Charles F. Glassman
"If all you are looking for is a miracle you are wide open to follow the antichrist and the false prophets because they are going to have a big league of signs and wonders ministry." - Patience Johnson
"Hope, strive and try to be more like Christ until the day we will see Him. Let Him find you faithfully and in obedient serving Him. He is coming quicker than people think." - Patience Johnson
"The closer we try to get to God, the more we will hate to sin in our own lives, the more we are saddened by the thoughts that runs through our minds. I also think that the more we draw closer to God, the more God will honour us and will open doors for the right things to happen in our life." - Patience Johnson
"I have the mind of Christ. The best life you could ever live is the one that your creator destined you for. The one He made you for. He has given us everything we need ......... to become like Him. To reach to your potentials. Worship Him in spirit and in truth." - Patience Johnson
"When we are preoccupied with wealth and material acquisitions, it chokes God's word in us and makes it unfruitful. But if we follow His plan of being prosperous you will enjoy the blessings of this life." - Patience Johnson
"Our life is not in stuff, focus your attention on Christ where it should be. Prosperity and wealth has damaged the body of Christ. God takes pleasure in the prosperity of his children but don't replace him with material." - Patience Johnson
"Rebuilding is something that is practically difficult than starting over from nothing." - Patience Johnson
"Eureka" can be an answer to a question we have never asked. It can be the articulation of a sudden and unforeseen idea or the expression of a magic moment that throws us into a new world. It acts like a radiant sunbeam that comes out of the blue and illuminates a dim past, opening a new, dynamic horizon. It may even be a trivial but lucky encounter with new friends, who let us be what we are in our imagination: original and undifferentiated. (“Waiting for Eureka” )" - Erik Pevernagie
"I value the friend who for me finds time on his calendar, but I cherish the friend who for me does not consult his calendar" - Robert Brault
"As much as he liked the idea of having best friends with whom he could share anything. it was like all he knew how to be was alone, apart." - Madeleine Roux
"Who'd have thoght I could miss someone I've never actually met? Me. I've thought that. I miss tons of things I've never seen, and now you most of all." - Leah Thomas
"You won't know how much you’ll miss someone until they’re gone. Go give them a big hug while you have the chance." - Kevin Focke
"Take not a minute for granted, because that minute can never be replaced." - Melody Carstairs
"Friend's future is all yours, but past is ours, we lived it together." - Nikhil Karke
"Give and take." - Melody Carstairs
"To truly strip a man of everything, one must take away his community, money, and corrode the core of his beliefs until he is left bathed in the agony of isolation." - Leinad Eibam, Published Poet
"Heavenly blessings are life, grace, hope, faith, love, inner peace, nature, family, friends….!" - Lailah Gifty Akita
"Why, you mean you didn't get abducted and dragged across country purely to make us a story for us to chew over endlessly?" asked Pip, tossing his shock of tow-colored hair indignantly. "The nerve!" - Mercedes Lackey
"Did you call me here just to deliver this monologue? Did I need to be here?" - Molly Ringle
"At the end of the day, all I have to cherish are human relationships. Your worldly wealth you can't take away with you, your life has been lived. It is the friends you have made, your family ties, which sustain your spirit with a certain warmth and comfort." - LKY on LIFE
"In times of your need, you will know your true friends." - Lailah Gifty Akita
"Prin liniștea ei, din care lipsea orice nuanță de surpriză, prin simplitatea ei, izbutea să înlăture orice convenție, făcându-l să înțeleagă cât de firesc era, pentru doi vechi prieteni care aveau să-și spună atâtea, să caute să fie singuri." - Edith Wharton
"Let's do this and this to see the consequences, who is real friend and who isn't. Who understands you and who doesn't!" - Deyth Banger
"Faithful friends, friends for life." - Lailah Gifty Akita
"When you love someone, you can just live without it." - Lailah Gifty Akita
"Connect and communicate!" - Lailah Gifty Akita
"Connect, connect." - Lailah Gifty Akita
"You have friends and you have enemies, the trick is mastering that the only difference between the two is; your friends will plot your downfall without you realising." - Keysha Jade
"Sandra." - penny reid
"I may be small, but I've got friends that make me ten feet tall." - Mickey Mouse
"It's easy to smile just to make other people feel better. But when a person fakes happy, it has edges. Regular people may not see, but the people who count, they can see edges and lines where smile ends and the real you, the sadness (me) or the anger (Grandma) begins." - Heidi W. Durrow
"Friends are like sails – they help shield us against storms and provide the force that helps direct us on course. Friends enhance our lives in many ways: they listen to us when we need someone to talk to; they support us when we feel vulnerable; and they empower us when we’re facing challenges." - Brownell Landrum
"It’s interesting how we can connect so deeply with friends so different from ourselves. In fact, perhaps it’s these differences ultimately bonding us the most. The opportunity to expand our horizons." - Brownell Landrum
"Good friends, very good what's the equation motherfucker???" - Deyth Banger
"I just met Stephen King in my dreams... I just said what I have watched and read from his books... Mainly I received a hug from him, it was like we are friends from long time." - Deyth Banger
"Reading brings us unknown friends.” — Honoré de Balzac" - Susan Parker Rosen
"When you meet a person as good-hearted as a child, don't ever be selfish, just give them your best and you will become great friends." - Diana Jaber
"A big group of daily friends or a white painted house with bills and mirrors, are not a necessity to me—but an intelligent conversation while sharing another coffee, is." - Charlotte Eriksson
"Sometimes your inability to let go has nothing to do with real love and everything to do with what that person represents in your life. Why do you give them so much importance? Why do you believe that God doesn't love you enough that he would not bring someone else into your life? Why do you put up with less than you deserve?" - Shannon L. Alder
"Your true friends echo your own philosophies back at you." - J.R. Rim
"Men know that most women want to have an emotional connection with someone before they sleep with them. Men know that a lot of women think it's romantic to be friends first, and then the friendship blossoms into a relationship. Men know that they have to jump through all these hoops first, before they can get laid. And that's really all romance and courtship is to a man: hoops he has to jump through to get laid." - Oliver Markus
"A best friend is someone that will stand in your storm and tell you the lightening is beautiful just to make you realize that your heart was worth getting soaked." - Shannon L. Alder
"Three things in life you will never have to chase: True friends, true love and your destiny!" - Alex Haditaghi
"I only want to be famous to my friends." - Sondra Faye
"The Puzzle Piece Charm" - Viola Shipman
"Mbegu tunazopanda leo ni mazao ya msimu ujao. Ukipanda mbegu mbaya utavuna mabaya. Ukipanda mbegu nzuri utavuna mazuri. Ukitenda mabaya leo kesho yako itakuwa mbaya. Ukitenda mazuri leo kesho yako itakuwa nzuri. Okoa kesho leo kwa kupanda mbegu nzuri na kuzimwagilia kwa imani na upendo kwa watu. Mungu ataleta mvua, jua na ustawi wa mazao yako. Panda mbegu ya msamaha kwa maadui zako, uvumilivu kwa wapinzani wako, tabasamu kwa marafiki zako, mfano bora kwa watoto wako, uchapakazi kwa kazi zako, uadilifu kwa waajiri wako na kwa wafanyakazi wako pia kama unao, ndoto kwa malengo yako, na uaminifu kwa marafiki zako wa ukweli. Kila mbegu irutubishwe kwa mapenzi huru yasiyokuwa na masharti yoyote, au mapenzi huru yasiyokuwa na unafiki wa aina yoyote ile. Usifiche vipaji vyako. Ukiwa kimya utasahaulika. Usipopiga hatua utarudi nyuma. Usiwe na hasira, wivu au ubinafsi." - Enock Maregesi
"I loved everything to anything to everyone who surrounded him. He was perfect. A delusion with a sweet melancholy taste. He was crazy, but he was my crazy and inside, everything felt right." - Dominic Riccitello
"Friends will always be there for the party. REAL friends will be there after the party..." - Bray Love
"Good friends laugh at you, laugh with you, but never laugh behind your back." - Saru Singhal
"A fake friend is someone that ridicules your feelings, steps on your emotions and gossips about you behind your back" - Karon Waddell
"I know you’re in there, Mercedes,” Faye says. “I can see your dirty Converse shoes. You really should get a new pair." - Laurie Elizabeth Flynn
"Life is travelled at a pace one decides for themselves" - Chandra Sekhar
"Never underestimate the value of good friends." - Todd Stocker
"I can always win in Tic Tac toe for example one strategy can be used serveral times and one moment he will find that I'm using this strategy and in the other day he will forgot aobut this and I just repeat the same - But from this point of view it's kind a useless and taking time. I want to find new path ways, the same is with chess I can win always the same way but one moment it come the rule or the thought - hey I want this to return and I will give you to return. I hate this moment it's kind a noobish or kind a bot way!" - Deyth Banger
"No words would ever be more powerful than the presence of a friend." - Rachel L. Schade
"Charles Kindleberger explained the self-perpetuating feeding frenzy that develops when speculators start making money: 'There is nothing so disturbing to one’s well-being and judgment as to see a friend get rich'." - Zac Bissonnette
"A STORY NEVER TOLD BEFORE" - Chandra Sekhar
"What are the differences between me and you, I stand up and continue you just stay down and don't move and you think that nobody will touch. But when you are down, you always easy to be attacked - You will find down "IT" :D :D" - Deyth Banger
"Who can find a faithful friend?" - Lailah Gifty Akita
"Friends for life, friends forever." - Lailah Gifty Akita
"Today, some chess games can't go in 40 minutes. One game not every time can finish fast, sometimes it's difficult to win and the ways are odd." - Deyth Banger
"I soon had to admit that what I did by myself couldn't excite me, only what Lila touched became important." - Elena Ferrante
"Greg: Scott, great horde." - Jesse Andrews
"Truth can win you many enemies, but it also rewards you with some die-hard friends" - Alok Jagawat
"Friends are better than a lot of wealth." - joannellie eleeza
"When I was younger, I thought my task was to forge ahead and succeed as an individual. But growing older has helped me realize that our success lies in our relationships— with the family we are born into, the friends we make, the people we fall in love with, and the children we have. Sometimes we struggle, sometimes we adapt, and at other times we set a course for others to follow. We are all leaders and followers in our lives. We are constantly learning from and teaching one another. We learn, too, that the most important work is not done by those who seem the most important, but by those who care the most." - Caroline Kennedy
"Maybe it's for good what has happen, maybe it's not for good. Nobody knows, but don't ruin your day thinking about this sad event (The Dead). In the film "The Night Before", the same thing happen, but it went to something new and wonderful, marvelous how??" - Deyth Banger
"We stay watching the fire, which probably is just a fire, but we watch it together. Me and my friends. And there'll be a tomorrow, of course there will, when it all begins again, but right now is almost a kind of loop for me, something to feel on the inside of, but this time it's good. It's a loop with my friends that would even be a pretty damn good forever." - Patrick Ness
"Always cherish your true friends who were there when no one else was." - Heather Wolf
"The two old friends stood silently in the fading light, though you wouldn’t have known it to look at them. That they were old friends, I mean. Anyone could see it was getting dark." - Daniel Polansky
"رجل بلا صديق رجل بذراع واحدة" - أنيس منصور
"For some soldiers, there is a greater war going on behind the gun's shadow of family and friends, than in front of the gun pointing at strange enemies." - Anthony Liccione
"... it is strange to know you would be cast off by the people who greet you so warmly, if they knew the whole truth about you." - Zen Cho
"If you have friends and family who love you unconditionally - you truly have everything!" - Lindsey Rietzsch
"That's always seemed so ridiculous to me, that people would want to be around someone because they're pretty. It's like picking your breakfast cereals based on color instead of taste." - Oscar Wilde
"What are acquaintance for, if not to supply the pleasures of gossip?" - Zen Cho
"If it does not make me strong, we do not go along." - Luimar Silva
"The message to me was simple: you might change your whole life and lose love, but real good friends are REALLY fucking hard to come by, specifically if you live a life of intergalactic adventure." - Ryan Britt
"There is something wonderful about old friends. They know everything about you, have been a part of your life for so long, that you can seamlessly pick up right where you left off." - Preeti Shenoy
"حياة بلا أصدقاء لا حياة" - أنيس منصور
"Will seeing me be a problem?" - Katie McGarry
"Ukiwa mchapakazi hodari mwenye msimamo na nia thabiti ya utendaji kazi unaweza kuwa mpweke kwa maana ya kuwa na marafiki wachache. Lakini mashabiki utakuwa nao wengi." - Enock Maregesi
"As long as you stay cool, nothing can defeat you" - Nash
"Don't be afraid to take the first step and speak from your heart." - Nash
"Ganix didn't need to make friends. Everyone was a friend!" - C.J. Milbrandt
"When you truly love someone, you can’t just be their friend." - Berry Quotes
"He’s more how Satan would look if he needed to seduce you into drowning a baby." - Eve Dangerfield
"As we move away from the old role in which we were helplessly entrapped as a victim, we make friends with the people who affirm us. Their enthusiasm about us mirrors the positive experience we are having." - Maureen Brady
"Maadui ni wazuri kuliko marafiki na mashabiki ni wazuri kuliko maadui. Maadui wanakusaidia kujua wewe ni nani na kwa nini uko hapa. Ukishajua wewe ni nani na kwa nini uko hapa, hakuna mtu atakayekuzuia kufanya chochote unachokiamini zaidi na kukifanya. Chochote unachokiamini zaidi na kukifanya ndicho Mungu alichokupangia kufanya hapa duniani, na kwa sababu hiyo utapata maadui. Ili utoke lazima uwe na mashabiki, marafiki na maadui." - Enock Maregesi
"Marafiki wanaweza kukupotosha bila wao wenyewe kujua na bila kuwa na nia mbaya ya aina yoyote ile; na wanaweza kuwa washauri wazuri kwa sababu wanakujua vizuri unapokuwa na huzuni, na wanakujua vizuri unapokuwa na furaha pia. Kwa mfano; rafiki yako anaweza kukushauri kusomea uhasibu wakati Mungu amekupangia utawala, au anaweza kujua aongee na wewe wakati gani kulingana na tabia yako ya kubadilikabadilika. Maadui wanasaidia kujua kipaji ulichopewa na Mungu – ukifanya kitu ambacho si cha kawaida katika maisha yako halafu ukawa na maadui ujue hicho ndicho Mungu alichokupangia kufanya, hivyo usikate tamaa – na mashabiki wanasaidia kufanya kipaji chako kiwe na uhai." - Enock Maregesi
"In this space," - Bryonie Wise
"If you are completely surrounded by the enemies, this proves that you are damn stupid in matters of making friends and such a stupidity, such a miserable clumsiness is your biggest enemy!" - Mehmet Murat ildan
"We used to be best friends but the first time I saw you, my heart beats fast like my happiness can never be surpassed. I don’t know why but if I lost you promise I will always cry." - Berry Quotes
"It’s hard to care for a person when you know that one more step forward will make you fall in love and one step back ruins your friendship." - Berry Quotes
"In any case, it is not love, but friendship, that truly eludes you." - Michael Chabon
"I wanted to see Chameleons, Then I saw my friends!" - Sohail Umar
"Something that trash for me, might be diamond for you." - Sohail Umar
"I'm still the same guy you knew five minutes ago." - Kelly Moran
"You want to know the real reason they never let us touch or talk to each other if they could help it? It made us strong. If you have people who love you, you can fall back on them when you're afraid." - Alexandra Bracken
"The Japanese have two words: "uchi" meaning inside and "soto" meaning outside. Uchi refers to their close friends, the people in their inner circle. Soto refers to anyone who is outside that circle. And how they relate and communicate to the two are drastically different. To the soto, they are still polite and they might be outgoing, on the surface, but they will keep them far away, until they are considered considerate and trustworthy enough to slip their way into the uchi category. Once you are uchi, the Japanese version of friendship is entire universes beyond the average American friendship! Uchi friends are for life. Uchi friends represent a sacred duty. A Japanese friend, who has become an uchi friend, is the one who will come to your aid, in your time of need, when all your western "friends" have turned their back and walked away." - Alexei Maxim Russell
"Those moments when we learn that mothers rage and fathers kill, that friends betray and authority is fallible, or that our own blank, innocent ignorance can destroy the pure, the good, and the loved are moments the very memory of which constitutes the beginning of a strategy to live in a world where such horrors exist." - Samuel R. Delany
"Being friends is different from being lovers. It’s a sea change." - Barbara Delinsky
"I am always happy to meet my friend, and my friend is my weekend." - Debasish Mridha
"From birth to death and further on" - Virgil Kalyana Mittata Iordache
"I never advise friends to put money in anything,. said Danny. 'It's a no-win situation - if they make a profit they forget that it was you who recommended it, and if they make a loss they never stop reminding you. My only advise would be not to gamble what you can't afford, and never to risk an amount that might cause you to lose a night's sleep" - Jeffrey Archer
"My friend, I am not what I seem. Seeming is but a garment I wear - a care-woven garment that protects me from thy questionings and thee from my negligence" - Khalil Gibran
"Friends are the real superheroes. They battle our worst enemies—loneliness, grief, anxiety, depression, fear, and doubt—every time they come around." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Friends are the artists who paint happy lips on your face." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"We need to let our family and our friends know this truth—God is love, “and he inviteth them all to come unto him and partake of his goodness; and he denieth none that come unto him. —2 Nephi 26:33" - M. Russell Ballard
"Well, I know what you feel for Jeb. And it’s simple and pure. You two have been friends since the day you met. And it grew into something more. That’s a tangible thing, Butterfly. And so rare. The" - A.G. Howard
"Of the Phoenix kids, the one Derek got along best with was Daniel. In him, Daniel had found a good sparring partner. And a plotting partner, too. Derek wasn’t just the biggest and strongest in our group. He was also the smartest. Scary, off-the-charts smart. That intimidated Daniel a little at first—he’s bright, but he needs to work for his grades. But Derek wasn’t a show-off or a know-it-all, so they got past that and we would hang out together, the two guys, Chloe, and I planning and plotting our future, bouncing ideas off one another." - Kelley Armstrong
"Friends are medicine for a wounded heart and vitamins for a hopeful soul." - Steve Maraboli
"Just as we shine the light of scrutiny on those around us, so must we also use it to illuminate our own lives" - Shane Eric Mathias
"Sometimes I help him out and sometimes he helps me out, and sometimes he tries to push me through the wall. (Dark City Lights)" - Parnell Hall
"I shrug. I don't really need to explain this to Aaron. He's been demoted from most important friend to friend, and he's going to have to earn that, even. And you know what else? I don't owe people anything, and I don't have to talk to them any more than I feel I need to." - Ned Vizzini
"Love fuels a happy soul." - Lailah Gifty Akita
"I need to buy some postcards to send to Mom and Dad,' said Ian, heading up the steas to the Captain's Quill Bookshop. 'I also want to send some funny ones to Jackson and some of my other friends.'" - Christine Brodien-Jones
"Part of not being a self-centered asshole, Colin reasoned, is doing things with your friends even when you don't want to." - John Green
"New Year’s cards from friends —" - Mitsu Suzuki
"I seriously have the best friends in the world." - Evelyn Smith
"If you're worried that you won't know someone in a few years, you should start living in the present and enjoy the people who are around you now and when the time comes for both of you to part ways... remember that it was a privilege and honor to be part of their life's - even if it was for such a short time." - Mrs. Tiffany Walker
"Oh, pish," Penelope said. "Anyone can fly. Anyone with a friend." - Gemma T. Leslie
"أفضل لك أن تهرب من أصدقائك من أن يهربوا منك" - أنيس منصور
"Caleb scowled into the darkness." - Jack Lewis Baillot
"المنافقون يشبهون الأصدقاء .. تماما كتشابه الذئاب والكلاب" - أنيس منصور
"We are inter-dependence and co-dependence upon one another." - Lailah Gifty Akita
"People wishes their friends to be in politics, but their sons in professions." - Amit Kalantri
"Some of our friends are our friends only because we used to be friends." - Mokokoma Mokhonoana
"...a friend is someone to whom you can tell all your secrets, someone whom you can trust without reservation, a person who is not overawed when you are at your best, and is not turned away when you are at your worst." - Steven J. Carroll
"Friends can become enemies, and enemies can become friends. Ego and pride can turn what is good into bad, and kind words can turn what is bad into something good." - Suzy Kassem
"In some rare cases, a friendship between two people benefits both of them, and what’s more, in some rarer cases, it benefits both of them equally." - Mokokoma Mokhonoana
"… and now and then we could look up and give each other a thought," - Charlotte Eriksson
"I liked how your teacher said we were 'kindred spirits'. I looked that up on m-w .com and it says that means we are related spirits, like family who is not blood family. I told Mamaw this and she said, 'Sometimes that's the best family of all." - Silas House & Neela Vaswani
"And even though things are heavy right now, it occurs to me how happy I am just to be with my friends. Sure, I'd love to kiss-hug-marry-hold Beck, but for now, I'm happy just to be with him. Sometimes" - David  Arnold
"Be aware of people who are standing in your circle who don't smile when you win." - Chris Marvel
"To obtain wealth beyond measure, seek to make more friends than money." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Any idiot or imbecile can easily make enemies; the important and the hard thing is to make friends easily and keep them as friends always!" - Mehmet Murat ildan
"...It is a sad truth in life that when someone has lost a loved one, friends sometimes avoid the person, just when the presence of friends is most needed." - Lemony Snicket
"The love between friends could create life." - Betsy Cornwell
"Yes, love your family, and also love your friends. For some friends are truly family. Love the people in your life. Love them without measure. And don’t worry about spoilage. Potatoes spoil, people don’t spoil." - Steve Goodier
"Make friends not best friends," - Akash B Chandran
"There are only two people in your life, they will either give you a negative feeling, or a warm feeling, when you think of them." - Robert  Black
"I wish she could see how it hits him. The look on his face, his life caving in. Because then maybe she’d realize, if only for a split second, that even though the world doesn’t matter to her, she matters to the world." - David Levithan
"The more you try to crush your nature, the more it will control you. Be what you are. No one who really loves you will stop." - Cassandra Clare
"They’d never really been my friends; I didn’t cultivate friends, I had just inherited them from my husband." - Jeff VanderMeer
"The way you remember or dream about your loved ones - the ones who are gone - you can't stop their endings from jumping ahead of the rest of their stories. You don't get to choose the chronology of what you dream, or the order of events in which you remember someone. In your mind - in your dreams, in your memories - sometimes the story begins with the epilogue." - John Irving
"Invest in friendships but be aware of those who only love your public success for personal gain. People who really love you cover your private failures!" - Chris Marvel
"They were shiny, shiny people that were bright like light bulbs, but there I stood out like a sore thumb, my dimness flickering self, and they saw it and removed themselves from me, forming their circle of light. Until the night died, they never noticed when the sun broke open its skull of rays, where I laid by the stop sign." - Anthony Liccione
"I got a heart like a half bottle of no-label whiskey." - Catherynne M. Valente
"In life, friends become family, sometimes they become enemy and enemy becomes motivation." - Evan Ricafort
"Bert knows it would take more than a little row to get between us. Because friends like us, like Bert and me, we'll always be together." - Jess Vallance
"Mr. ***** is blessed with such happy manners as may ensure his making friends -- whether he may be equally capable of retaining them, is less certain." - J. Austen
"You have to know yourself enough to be able to choose friends that you will be compatible with." - Innocent Mwatsikesimbe
"If you want to have some fun ," - Akash B Chandran
"The light of love is life." - Lailah Gifty Akita
"" - Kelley Armstrong
"Always take the job, pursue the life, and have the friends that allow you to have as much freedom as possible." - James Altucher
"If you chase anything in life chase the things that get you excited about living. Chase the things that give you hope, happiness and a glimpse of a better life. Chase the things that make you want to be a better person. Chase the things that inspire you to think, create and live joyfully. Chase the things that reinforce in your soul that you can make a difference. Chase the things that make you want to transform your heart from selfish to selfless. When you chase that kind of storm you are chasing rainbows." - Shannon L. Alder
"It is a healthy approach not to expect persons to turn out precisely how you would have wished." - Criss Jami
"You can't always expect people to apply your wisdom when they didn't use wisdom before they found themselves knee deep in their version of justice." - Shannon L. Alder
"You will know a friendship is not natural when you don't feel relaxed with" - Bangambiki Habyarimana
"No one would have guessed that the jagged pieces of our soul fit the puzzle in this box. We were considered the left over remnants that had no place, except the picture we wanted to create together." - Shannon L. Alder
"But as they grew closer and closer, Sophie had opened Agatha's wings to a love so strong she thought it would last forever. It was she and Sophie against the world. But on that first day of school, watching Sophie with a prince, Agatha realized how blind she'd been. The bond between two girls, no matter how fierce or loyal, changed once a boy came between them." - Soman Chainani
"There's a reason my only friends are written words" - Victoria Aveyard
"Enemy: A friend whose mask has fallen" - Bangambiki Habyarimana
"She was spoiled, but she wasn't lazy. She knew what she wanted, and because she believed absolutely that she could have everything she wanted if she tried hard enough to get it, she never stopped trying." - Cecily von Ziegesar
"Peace is something you only have when your enemy is gone. Either after you have turned him into a friend or vanquished him" - Bangambiki Habyarimana
"They didn't get the friendships that formed, the community of people who shared in your same joy." - Goldy Moldavsky
"Today's enemies can be your friends tomorrow. And today's friends can be tomorrow's enemies." - Suzy Kassem
"You must resist negative thoughts, negative criticism and negative influences." - Lailah Gifty Akita
"Anyone can become your best friend when you spend time together and share your feelings about life. However, not every best friend can free you from yourself. This is when you reconsider the word "best" and decide to expand your circle to include others." - Shannon L. Alder
"Today's opponents can be your allies tomorrow. And today's allies can be tomorrow's opponents." - Suzy Kassem
"It hurts to get things out in the open, but it hurts even more not to." - Chrissy Moon
"Friend: A potential enemy with whom relations have not yet deteriorated to all-out war" - Bangambiki Habyarimana
"Friends can speed up your steps or slow down your pace. Leaders choose friends wisely; they are aware of the consequences." - Israelmore Ayivor
"Your relationships will either empower you to overcome obstacles, or put fears in you so you can run away from them." - Israelmore Ayivor
"Enemies and easy to get and even easier to keep. But friends are hard to get and even harder to keep." - Sneha Abraham
"Heaven's currency is friendship." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Love of God and people will pave roads where there once were none." - Shannon L. Alder
"You do not need a certain number of friends, just a number of friends you can be certain of" - Itzik Amiel
"The body is not a reliable friend" - Bangambiki Habyarimana
"Different people become different people when they meet different people." - Timothy Joshua
"A friend loves at all times." - Lailah Gifty Akita
"You can’t be friends with a droid." - Chuck Wendig
"Love is the beauty of life." - Lailah Gifty Akita
"If you want to be a leader, don't stand on the toes of dwarfs. Mount the shoulders of giants and you will see further." - Israelmore Ayivor
"Promise mw, you will never leave me." - Lailah Gifty Akita
"Darkness might keep flooding in, but I finally had just enough light to find the way back to myself." - Emery Lord
"Us. All regrets, left them in the sea, smiling at life as if it was a beautiful dream, because if one thing is certain, clearing the strange foreigh steam. Like the diamond ring that fits in your finger, we are stronger as a steel linker" - Lucia Ohanian
"A good man measures his life not in the number of his years but in the quality of his friends." - Todd Stocker
"If you have to explain your sense of humor, then you are performing for the wrong crowd." - Shannon L. Alder
"He picked out a neon-green Sour Patch Kid and held it in front of her face. "Do you accept this little sugar man and his mission to bring you peace and fulfillment with the risk of a major sugar crash to follow?"" - Kate Scelsa
"Be someone’s security blanket when theirs is in the wash." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Why can't life always be lived under the stars,' she said, 'with great music and family and friends?" - Jan Karon
"Wherever we travel to, the wonderful people we meet become our family." - Lailah Gifty Akita
"You're supposed to raise your friends up, not be happy when they fail." - Jen Calonita
"Souls from the same star find it impossible to resist dancing to the tune of inevitability." - T.F. Hodge
"Don’t allow people to come in and out of your life when it only benefits them." - Dominic Riccitello
"Dogs are loyal friends, and if they could talk, your secrets would still be safe. (If my cat could talk, I’d have to let the dog eat her.)" - Richelle E. Goodrich
"strangers were just people he hadn’t become friends with yet." - Eric Walters
"A friend isn't someone you use once and then throw away, a friend is someone you use over and over again." - Eliezer Yudkowsky
"There are three things I love, three things I spend time with, three things I treat alike: family; friends; and books." - Ogwo David Emenike
"So friends, get out of your comfort zone. Don’t be afraid of pain. Confront your pains" - Sunday Adelaja
"Without risks my friends there is no progress, no advancement either in science or technology." - Sunday Adelaja
"Hold my hands and let walk together." - Lailah Gifty Akita
"The kind of individual that you see on the outside, is never the same person on the inside." - Jonathan Anthony Burkett
"Friends, are you a man according to Gods definition? Have you ever placed yourself under God’s microscopic eyes? Have you examined yourself according to his standards of judgment? Does he call you a man" - Sunday Adelaja
"Love is friendship. Love is happiness." - Lailah Gifty Akita
"The glue between the horn that pushes and the sinew that pulls. The glue gets ignored, but you know, Ahai, up to half of a bow is glue. I suspect Ogodoi is the son I can least afford to lose." - Bryn  Hammond
"If you go to anybody and ask them, what is your dream life? They would say I want to sit by the TV all day. I want to play with my friends all day and they think that is the best way to spend their lives. They do not know that what they have just listed is not living life but wasting life." - Sunday Adelaja
"Discipline friends is the master of excellence." - Sunday Adelaja
"Friends, since when has irresponsibility become a Nigerian factor?" - Sunday Adelaja
"Friendship Lasts long when the terms are clear!" - Ritu Raj
"Ideally, friends are people with whom we can be our true selves, with whom we can fearlessly let our guard down. (Arguably, a close friend is someone with whom we can allow ourselves to enter the daydreaming attentional mode, with whom we can switch in and out of our different modes of attention without feeling awkward.)" - Daniel J. Levitin
"Some are interested in the mysterious, but lose interest once they think they know you." - Innocent Mwatsikesimbe
"Love is the key to all human hearts." - Lailah Gifty Akita
"You tell us about your other friends. You feel guilty speaking about them, but you are annoyed, frustrated. You don't always trust their motives. You feel pressured by their demands on you. You're worn out by the effort it takes to be with them, to feign interest in their stream of never-ending problems." - Aryn Kyle
"Pigs should not make friends with butchers. One must choose one's friends wisely." - Erik Pevernagie
"Even though Ronan was snarling and Noah was sighing and Adam was hesitating, he didn’t turn to verify that they were coming. He knew they were. In three different ways, he’d earned them all days or weeks or months before, and when it came to it, they’d all follow him anywhere." - Maggie Stiefvater
"Live is not about constantly fighting to keep someone in your life. It is about constantly fighting for a better life together." - Shannon L. Alder
"A true friend is someone you can count on no matter what." - Bohdi Sanders
"In my experience, people who don't stick around during the hard times weren't worth having around anyway." - Kimberly Belle
"Since our yesterdays are gone and our tomorrows are never promised, TODAY I want to thank all my amazing friends and family for being in my life." - Steven Aitchison
"Desires may dry off, bodies may decay, friendship may vanish and positions may be dissolved. One thing will remain; the word of God! In the word is life!" - Israelmore Ayivor
"Your loyalty to friends and family should have no limit, although it may be expressed in ways that others cannot understand." - Bohdi Sanders
"You have to make an enemy a friend to conquer his or her evil intentions." - Lailah Gifty Akita
"Friends are a wonderful thing. They won't make you feel like a nothing." - Justine Hail
"He could have been invisible and it wouldn’t have made a difference to them. He didn’t care, so long as he felt at ease, which was his original intention. He wasn’t there to make friends, nor did he want to." - Jason Medina
"Logan folded his arms. His voice was granite."My word stands."" - Brent Weeks
"A life without enemies is a life not lived." - Andy Seven
"Memories stuck under our shoes like thick mud" - Mohamed Ghazi
"Here is the voice of my main Character in my Talon book series, I’ll let her introduce herself to you:" - Gigi Sedlmayer
"Together we would make reputation, we would have men in halls across Britain telling the story of our exploit. Or of our deaths. They were friends, they were oath-men, they were young, they were warriors, and with such men it might be possible to storm the gates of Asgard itself." - Bernard Cornwell
"We all ought to be like little children in the way we treat each other as human beings; quick to forgive, slow to offend, children are friends to each other irrespective of their gender, religion, and color." - Paul Bamikole
"You'll find you spend half your second year shaking off the undesirable friends you made in your first..." - Evelyn Waugh
"It is not about what you lose when it is over." - Cass van Krah
"When you come to know God personally and He becomes your close Friend, you will live an easy and fulfilled life." - Sunday Adelaja
"One main reason why most dreamers cannot take their dreams off the ground is that they keep their ideas to themselves alone. The fact that you think you can make it alone is the first step to your failure!" - Israelmore Ayivor
"Appreciate what is in front of you, cherish your family and friends. tell them you love them each and every day! Remember, it can all change in the blink of an eye. Live without regret!" - Karen  Gibbs
"Cada adolescente tiene el suyo, y el que no lo consigue, está en problemas. Son sus "mejores amigos", sus compañeros de aventuras, los que más aman, sus confidentes, sus iguales. Esta es una de las características principales del grupo de pares, que se eligen por similitud. Les gusta la misma música, se visten de la misma manera, disfrutan de las mismas cosas. Como si se estuvieran eligiendo a sí mismos en el cuerpo de otros. Es, en realidad, una manera de reforzar su propia imagen, su narcisismo que se siente amenazado en esta etapa." - Gabriel Rolón
"The one thing you don't do is screw with me, or I'll make your life a living hell; and trust me I'll make sure you burn!" - anonymous
"We are only human when we are part of a community. ... I tried to isolate you, but it could not be done. I surrounded you with hostility; you took most of your enemies and rivals and made friends of them. ... You were a part of them; they carried you inside them all their lives." - Orson Scott Card
"Through the twist and turns of life, I find myself so grateful for my friends. Even though sometimes the days can seem so dark, and my heart can feel so hurt, I am never alone; my friends are beside me." - Steve Maraboli
"I think it would have to be the way that my sister looks at you when you can’t see it." - L.A. Kuehlke
"I felt part of a group for the first time in my life. Not a family, just a group of people who liked being together, who sat as we did, leaning towards each other, leaving just the right amount of space in between, whose thoughts and words flowed easily and naturally, whose voices and accents were so different from each other and yet mingled in harmony as though in a song." - Indu Muralidharan
"Beauty, business, blogs, & bullshit...never a dull conversation with your friends you have tons in common with." - April Mae Monterrosa
"When we are in the dark, true friends are like a ray of light from heaven." - Biju Karakkonam Nature and Wild life Photographer
"You will meet a lot of people in your life; some laugh with you, others will laugh at you; some will love to clean your mess, others will love to mess you up! Love all, but choose carefully the one who stays close to you forever!" - Israelmore Ayivor
"With dark raven paper and twinkling white ink, I wrote my heart in the night’s sky." - Shannon L. Alder
"Be worried if you always flock in the company of people who peel off other people's skins with their teeth in their absence. A time will come when they'll try to pick a bite on you too!" - Israelmore Ayivor
"The problem with having friends was that you might lose them. Or they might get hurt." - Gwenda Bond
"Two friends raised their heads up to the sky on a dark evening." - J.R. Rim
"Friendship is like an investment; the best type yields the best profit for you! It's not just about making friends; it's about making right friends for the right reasons!" - Israelmore Ayivor
"It's just one more thing she hadn't considered, and as the idea of it settles over her, she realizes again how entwined their lives are. They're like two trees whose branches have grown together. Even if you pull them out by the trunks, they're still going to be twisted and tangled and nearly impossible to separate at the roots." - Jennifer E. Smith
"Books are the best companions as they make you sit near wisdom." - Rajesh Nanoo
"Please allow me the honour of allowing you to bestow upon me a blowjob." - Daniel Clowes
"I have often noticed that we are inclined to endow our friends with the stability of type that literary characters acquire in the reader's mind. No matter how many times we reopen 'King Lear,' never shall we find the good king banging his tankard in high revelry, all woes forgotten, at a jolly reunion with all three daughters and their lapdogs. Never will Emma rally, revived by the sympathetic salts in Flaubert's father's timely tear. Whatever evolution this or that popular character has gone through between the book covers, his fate is fixed in our minds, and, similarly, we expect our friends to follow this or that logical and conventional pattern we have fixed for them." - Vladimir Nabokov
"To my beloved friends, there’s simply no life without you guys. Thanks for the advice and the love and the billion dinners and laughs. Without you all . . . I’d look for new friends and get them." - Martin  Short
"He will be with his friends, and that always feels like coming home." - Stephen King
"But none of that really mattered. I had found my tribe. It felt like a family reunion for the family I'd never really known, a homecoming at the place where I was always meant to be nut hadn't known how to find." - David Levithan
"You turn friends away before you discover they were good after all; you give up on your dreams before you realize you were very close to your success all that while. Be patient; don’t rush things!" - Israelmore Ayivor
"Friend," replied Michael Strogoff, "Heaven reward thee for all thou hast done for me!"" - Jules Verne
"In a useful conversation... there is a double coincidence of wants. You have to be interested in what I have to say; I have to be interested in what you have to say. This is an important reason why people with conventional interests seem more socially intelligent. Even if they don't check whether their audience cares, it probably does." - Bryan Caplan
"They were actually sitting at a table, like two old friends, not like the hunter" - Janet Evanovich
"To be successful, you need friends. To be very successful, you need enemies." - Ari Gold
"We were friends, never paramours. A lover who is enigmatic will most likely prove to be a cataclysm waiting to happen. But a charming friend whose usual warmth is raveled through moments of cool inscrutability can be an intriguing companion." - Dean Koontz
"Enemies who vow not to see you achieve it and friends who say you can't do it... ARE THE SAME...!!! They just don't want you to make it happen! Stay away!" - Israelmore Ayivor
"For my friends do not desert me, and life stays; for those two things I must be grateful." - John  Williams
"After months of separation her friends still catalyzed her thoughts and challenged her opinions and wrangled with her emotions, and she was relieved to see that they still slid into the familiar patterns, the comfortable ruts of long-established personalities. It was nice but it also worried her. Could there be room for growth? How could you change around the people that knew you best, who knew you backwards and forwards and knew you so well that they defined themselves by you and you by them? How could you possibly evolve, like really evolve and become a whole person all on your own, when your own makeup was inextricably intertwined with someone else’s perception of themselves?" - Katie Neipris
"Every friend we have represents a new world, a world that may not have existed had they not come into our life." - Steven Aitchison
"A good friend will bail you out of jail. A true friend will be sitting next to you saying, 'damn, we fucked up'." - Rotten eCards
"Who was that?” Layetta asked." - Kelly Batten
"Peering around her, I took note exactly where the hundred metre high cliff started. i didn't want to be taking an unexpected flying lesson today." - Kelly Batten
"You two would get on like a house on fire. Don't douse the flames before you've struck a match." - Kelly Batten
"My mouth fell open in incredulity." - Kelly Batten
"You weasel, good-for-nothing, scumbag, swine," - Kelly Batten
"I hate smug people." - Kelly Batten
"Friends are not a number. You can't collect connections. You can't just go out one day and be like, "Hey, I need some friends!" *goes shopping, scours social media*" - Connor Franta
"I don’t agree on spending time with someone who is more attached to his cell phone than he is to me." - Mohamed Ghazi
"We are wasting our youth holding cold devices while we should be holding one another’s warm hands." - Mohamed Ghazi
"I, sometimes, fear that probably I'll just keep changing cities, and may be someday I'll also travel the world, but never find another soul who thinks exactly the way I do." - Sanhita Baruah
"Remember: If someone's trying to pull you down that means they're already beneath you." - Karen Salmansohn
"If I’m not around" - Sanober Khan
"Trust not yourself; but your defects to know," - Alexander Pope
"Be careful of who becomes your friend and why. The person who will bite off your lips one day will have to first promise you a kiss today. Be careful of hypocrites." - Israelmore Ayivor
"Breezy days" - Sanober Khan
"Your good friends can write a book on you; but Your best friends can create an embarrassing full fledged 3 hours movie on you, with silliest jingles and animation made ever." - Vikrmn
"Now of all the bonds between homosexual friends, none was greater than that between friends who danced together. The friend you danced with, when you had no lover, was the most important person in your life; and for people who went without lovers for years, that was all they had." - Andrew Holleran
"When the love-led man had ceased from his labours Bathsheba came and looked him in the face." - Thomas Hardy
"I'm honestly ashamed to call you my friend sometimes." - Whitney Gracia Williams
"i also say you can tell your true friends, by the ones who put a bucket by your bed when your drunk and going to be sick - (my quote - so proud)" - J. Yates
"I wish everyone had someone who never popped their balloons." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"All the recognizable cliques came by, and so did those un-groupable stragglers who were known by their little circles of two or three." - Adi Alsaid
"One of my favorite things: good conversation with good friends." - Karen Salmansohn
"Now, see, that's why everybody wants Internet friends. You can find people just exactly like you. Screw your neighbors and your family, too messy.' Dovey's phone buzzed, and she laughed, ignoring it. 'The trouble is, once you filter out everybody that doesn't agree with you, all that's left is maybe this one retired surfer guy living in Idaho." - Barbara Kingsolver
"The survival rate of your passion depends on the kind of person that leads you!" - Israelmore Ayivor
"Always dare to be in the company of those stronger than you. Sooner or later, you will be stronger than those who were once stronger than you, but unfortunately, they joined the company of those who are weaker than them!" - Israelmore Ayivor
"I once stood on a road and found I had no friends. And I was glad. Better to have no friends than to have people claim they were your friends when they were not. It is a source of strength to come to terms with your right to be alone." - Psyche Roxas-Mendoza
"I know this sounds very Neanderthal but I want a man that would just take me, ravage me, and do what he pleases with me. I frankly don’t care what he does or how he does it. I just want it to be fucktastic. I want some bodies slamming, head banging, and wild animalistic beastie craze sex. You Jane, me Tarzan kind of sex." - Dee Dinh
"Pay heed, my darlings, and always take the greatest care over the company you keep in life: if death strikes you without warning, you may be stuck with them til the moon turns to blood and wouldn't that be a torment?" - Karen Maitland
"Good friends are divine instruments." - Matshona Dhliwayo
"LAST YEAR," - Elana Johnson
"I want friends, not admirers. People who respect me for my character and my deeds, not my flattering smile. The circle around me would be much smaller, but what does that matter, as long as they're sincere?" - Anne Frank
"Friends understand the unsaid words, no matter if they are silent for years." - Vikrmn
"Strangers," the Blue Man said, "are just family yo have yet to come to know." - Mitch Albom
"For every wounded warrior, there is a myltitude of family, friends, and communities who are forever changed." - Diana Mankin Phelps
"Its not about the place we want to visit , its about with whom we visit." - Sachin Keely
"When you choose to forgive the same people over and over again you do so because you don't want to believe your time loving them was wasted. Bad relationships over time can become investments, that are hard to let go of. The key to freedom is to realize that love is never wasted. The only thing wasted in life is the time you spend focusing on an unhappy situation that will never change to fit your needs, and not realizing the true investment of time and love are the lessons God wanted you to learn." - Shannon L. Alder
"Fitting in is about assessing a situation and becoming who you need to be to be accepted. Belonging, on the other hand, doesn’t require us to change who we are; it requires us to be who we are." - Brené Brown
"It is always painful to part from people whom one has known for a brief space of time. The absence of old friends one can endure with equanimity, But even a momentary separation from anyone to whom one has just been introduced is almost unbearable." - Oscar Wilde
"When you blame others, what you are really saying is what is inside of you can’t be fixed, so you have no control of your own happiness. Therefore, you have made the conscience choice to give focus and fuel to a bad situation that will take you nowhere and give you nothing, but ignorance and pain." - Shannon L. Alder
"Sometimes, the people that love you the most turn out to be the people you will trust the least." - Shannon L. Alder
"old stories are like old friends (...) you have to visit them from time to time." - George R.R. Martin
"Keep your friends close and your enemies dead." - Paul Dale
"When you invite people to share in your miracle, you create future allies during rough weather." - Shannon L. Alder
"I wasn't concerned, but I was thinking that the fastest way to get your mind off him and on me would be to tell you something truly appalling about him." - Jodi Meadows
"our feet" - Sanober Khan
"Fire failure by fighting falsehood. Forget the fears; Fix the future; Flee from fake friends. There is nothing called half-truth. Whatever looks like a lie is a lie!" - Israelmore Ayivor
"Keep those that influence you for the better close and never give them a reason to keep you far away." - Shannon L. Alder
"Whoever is present in your spring would more than likely have respected your winter." - Johnnie Dent Jr.
"There is a 100% assurance that what your friend’s enemy tells you about your friend is false. What your failure tells you about your passion is fake. Don’t give up!" - Israelmore Ayivor
"The gods hate those who plan badly, and help those with good friends, good swords, and good sense." - Joe Abercrombie
"We're the Septembers now. The real ones. We are everything to one another. We don't need to say so; it's just true. Sometimes it seems like we're so close we form one single complete person rather than four separate ones. We settle into types- Bridget the athlete, Lena the beauty, Tibby the rebel, and me, Carmen, the...what? The one with the bad temper. But the one who cares the most. The one who cares that we stick together." - Ann Brashares
"I’m glad we can be friends." - Alex Rosa
"Some people will only love you as much as they can use you. their loyalty ends where the benefits stop." - honeya
"Complements from your companion will do you no good, but if you get complements from your competitors it means you are really doing good." - Amit Kalantri
"The thing about friends is, you never know when you might need them. It's always best to keep them imprisoned nearby." - Heidi Schulz
"Some people will only love you as much as they can use you, their loyalty ends where the benefits cease." - honeya
"Friendship is a door you will never need to knot on as you will always have a key." - Wes Adamson
"Two people that have the same wants are two people that should be friends." - Shannon L. Alder
"I guess we all travel through life in a haze of sorts. A fog. The people we only meet in the fog we allow ourselves to lose because it’s not our fault. It’s the fog’s. The people we latch onto—they become our friends. It was my friendship with Ethan that took me out of the fog." - J. Richard Singleton
"Hay cuatro cosas viejas que son buenas: viejos amigos, para conversar; leña vieja, para calentarse; viejos vinos, para beber; y viejos libros para leer." - Emile Faguet
"Stop rejecting that unique pathway that was designed exclusively for you. Embrace your destiny, respect yourself and love others." - Auliq Ice
"In life we meet many people. some people remain in touch and some contacts are dumped in recycle bin of mind. we expect somethings from people in our life but sometimes those expectations remain unnoticed and incomplete. getting depressed in such condition is natural but if we try we can minimize this amount off hearty hurt." - Auliq Ice
"We often misunderstood between having good number of friends and having number of good friends." - Vijay Dhameliya
"Friends are won through personal contact, but admirers are won through their contact with our works" - Agona Apell
"Were men and women ever really just friends?" - Jaycee Ford
"It has always been simple, but making it hard was always your way of avoiding pain. If you want to change your life, you have to change what you are doing. It wasn't his fault, her fault, their fault or the circumstances. It was your inability to choose. So, life chose for you. Somewhere in that crazy mind of yours time stopped. You thought someone would rescue you, but they didn't. You have to rescue yourself. This is not a fire you can put out; you have to walk through it, in order to reach life. Getting burned is apart of growth, didn't you know?" - Shannon L. Alder
"When people want to win they will go to desperate extremes. However, anyone that has already won in life has come to the conclusion that there is no game. There is nothing but learning in this life and it is the only thing we take with us to the grave—knowledge. If you only understood that concept then your heart wouldn’t break so bad. Jealousy or revenge wouldn’t be your ambition. Stepping on others to raise yourself up wouldn’t be a goal. Competition would be left on the playing field, and your freedom from what other people think about you would light the pathway out of hell." - Shannon L. Alder
"now it’s computers and more computers" - Charles Bukowski
"The obvious," Noah goes on, a little out of breath, "being that he is probably some super secret assassin or something. And I'm not as tough as I look."" - Ally Carter
"Friends help each other when they are...you know...going up international hit men and stuff." - Ally Carter
"When someone's success makes you as happy as if it were your own, you know you've found someone worth holding on to." - Charlotte Eriksson
"Love without humility results in the inclination to act as everyone's parent, humility without love results in the need to be everyone's child, and love with humility results in the desire to be a friend." - Criss Jami
"...Sleepovers and dance parties and those talks we would have until three in the morning that would make us feel lousy the next day because we’d slept like hell but also feel good because the talks were like blood transfusions, moments of realness and hope that were pinpricks of light in the dark fabric of small-town life." - Gayle Forman
"What people think of you is only what they think of themselves. They look at you and see the maladies, the faults they've been carrying within themselves for the longest time. And they identified each flaw they found exactly because of this familiarity and acquaintance with their very own symptoms. How else did they recognize them in you?" - Shakieb Orgunwall
"I want people to feel safe around me. Calm and at peace and I want to make people feel accepted. I want to express confidence on my own path, and spread confidence to other people on theirs." - Charlotte Eriksson
"Just as the hand rushes involuntarily to protect one's honor in case of accidental state of undress, so does a friend come to his friend's aid without being asked" - Thiruvalluvar
"I'm only up when you're not down" - Taylor Swift
"The truth is - people won't believe you, they won't care for you, they won't give you time or attention, but once you do something that is 'big' in their eyes, you will get it all. Then suddenly you become everyone's friend, everyone seems to have time for you. The people who ignored you earlier will tag you in their posts to gain publicity. And all of a sudden, you become the 'new' inspiration. But the ones who always support you will still call you by your pet name, tease you by those old names and will be there for you like before." - Mehek Bassi
"Little Maiden Encounters Fear" - Muse
"Ah, I believe Schacht. Only too willingly; that’s to say, I think what he says is absolutely true, for the world is incomprehensibly crass, tyrannical, moody, and cruel to sickly and sensitive people. Well, Schacht will stay here for the time being. We laughed at him a bit, when he arrived, that can’t be helped either, Schacht is young and after all can’t be allowed to think there are special degrees, advantages, methods, and considerations for him. He has now had his first disappointment, and I’m convinced that he’ll have twenty disappointments, one after the other. Life with its savage laws is in any case for certain people a succession of discouragements and terrifying bad impressions. People like Schacht are born to feel and suffer a continuous sense of aversion. He would like to admit and welcome things, but he just can’t. Hardness and lack of compassion strike him with tenfold force, he just feels them more acutely. Poor Schacht. He’s a child and he should be able to revel in melodies and bed himself in kind, soft, carefree things. For him there should be secret splashings and birdsong. Pale and delicate evening clouds should waft him away in the kingdom of Ah, What’s Happening to Me? His hands are made for light gestures, not for work. Before him breezes should blow, and behind him sweet, friendly voices should be whispering. His eyes should be allowed to remain blissfully closed, and Schacht should be allowed to go quietly to sleep again, after being wakened in the morning in the warm, sensuous cushions. For him there is, at root, no proper activity, for every activity is for him, the way he is, improper, unnatural, and unsuitable. Compared with Schacht I’m the trueblue rawboned laborer. Ah, he’ll be crushed, and one day he’ll die in a hospital. or he’ll perish, ruined in body and soul, inside one of our modern prisons." - Robert Walser
"Moral obligations verses Legal obligations. Legally, you must abide by the laws of the land or face the consequences of being fined, imprisoned or both. Moral obligations tend to lean more towards a spiritual nature of a person. Some people perform immoral acts because legally there are no consequences. Morals birth in the heart of the individual. Moral characteristics are developed at an early age and continue into adulthood. It's a disgrace to neglect having good moral character." - Amaka Imani Nkosazana
"If I have to question a friendship, then it wasn't a friendship to begin with." - Peprah Boasiako
"I have to believe it’s right to be a warm voice, a companion if I can be, as soon as ever I find a friend." - Betsy Cornwell
"Why is it that people talk about death, as if it is a part of life, when it is entirely separate? Someone passes on into the never ending void, where the living aren't allowed. We can't see, hear, touch or feel those who have succumbed to the eternal sleep, but we comfort ourselves with thoughts of a grander plan. We tell ourselves that they are in a better place, but what could be greater than breathing the same air, as those loved ones? Their pain may be gone, but pleasure can only be when it is stark against the hurt that life brings?" - J.D. Stroube
"Like seasonless fowl we migrate…" - Lenore Kandel
"I grabbed hold of my Divergence like it was a hand outstretched to save me. I needed that word to tell me who I was when everything else was coming apart around me. But now I'm wondering if I need it anymore, if we ever really need these words, 'Dauntless,' 'Erudite,' 'Divergent,' "Allegiant,' or if we can just be friends or lovers or siblings, defined instead by the choices we make and the love and loyalty that binds us." - Veronica Roth
"Everyone who is with you is not necessarily for you." - Connie R. Clay
"Opposites attract in physics. In life, like attracts like. Kindness attracts kindness. Greed attracts greed. Love attracts love. If you don't like what you're attracting, change who you are." - Connie R. Clay
"Blame is a choice that doesn't give you directions out of hell." - Shannon L. Alder
"You are important to this earth. If you were meant to journey alone, you would not have friends..." - Virginia Alison
"The people in your life should always be more important than the work you do." - C.S. Woolley
"When we'd moved in, she'd welcomed us. When Marius moved out, I sat on her floor and cried. I suppose I could have called any number of our friends, but that was the problem. They were" - Alexis  Hall
"I gather we're old friends."" - Amanda Hemingway
"Caitlyn (telling a story of her friend): So. [She] grew up and left Neverland for the distant planet called College..." - Zechariah Barrett
"SOMETIMES PEOPLES THAT YOU DONT CONSIDER AS FRIENDS AS YOUR FRIENDS ARE REALLY YOUR FRIEND." - LEILANI
"Goodbye” is the best ever gift that you can receive from worse friends. Never hesitate to wave it back. Be bold to say “no” to what always keeps you static!" - Israelmore Ayivor
"And she kept following the truck, like we were a very small parade, waving and waving, until Frank took the curve in the road and then she was gone." - Morgan Matson
"It’s January and I’m kicking snow off the ground. I just threw out the flower you made me promise to water, handle with care, because I was too careless, you said. Careless with things and people, around me and behind" - Charlotte Eriksson
"Human interaction. The most complicated form of happiness I will never figure out." - Charlotte Eriksson
"Be grateful when you have friends who care for you, it's a blessing to see nice happy people around us." - Auliq Ice
"Be drunk in love and high on life." - Karen Quan
"I'll put you in a jar on my shelf for a cold, rainy day when I need you the most. " - Karen Quan
"I'd rather be in danger with you than be safe without you." - Fuyumi Ono
"I love a boy with sun-kissed hair," - Petra March
"If you are a warrior, the nature and scale of your enemies will determine the nature and scale of your actions. In this sense, it is even more important to choose your enemies more wisely than your friends." - CrimethInc.
"The major mistake people pursue in decision making is to surround themselves with negatively minded people. People who are going nowhere will never take you anywhere; people who are going everywhere can take you somewhere." - Israelmore Ayivor
"The pleasures of living is loving!" - Anthony Liccione
"Many relationships are give & take but the most successful ones are give & give." - Mark Hewer
"My fingers gripped his sweaty T-shirt. I kept kissing" - Petra March
"In the rosy glow it diffused her companions seemed full of amiable qualities. She liked their elegance; their lightness, their lack of emphasis: even the self-assurance which at times was so like obtuseness now seemed the natural sign of social ascendency. They were lords of the only world she cared for, and they were ready to admit her to their ranks and let her lord it with them. Already she felt within her a stealing allegiance to their standards, an acceptance of their limitations, a disbelief in the things they did not believe in, a contemptuous pity for the people who were not able to live as they lived." - Edith Wharton
"I'm surrounded by nothing but great people. I've been blessed with that, so really, I've got no choice but to be an all-around good person." - Tim Duncan
"But I feel more real when I'm around her. Like I'm not fading." - Scott Westerfeld
"Considering our states of mind just the week before, it was hard to believe that the five of us could all be so free and happy, so uninhibited, and all dancing at once, but I guess when we joined together and finally opened up, we made more than a star: We made music." - willa strayhorn
"There is no way to your personal joy if you hand over the keys to someone who is not ready to open the door for you. You have the right to choose your friends; do it carefully!" - Israelmore Ayivor
"This is going to seem bitter but I don't mean it that way, V., I'm just stating a fact here: you'll only ever call me if I call you first. Have you noticed that? If I call and leave a message you'll call me back, but you will never call me first." - Emily St. John Mandel
"Even though everybody hates you, you'll always have a friend who protects you and wishes to uplift you from pain, misery and suffering and that will always turn and remain the hardest blow to those who hate you." - Auliq Ice
"I often wonder what happened to those few I spent my youth in battle beside, those select individuals whom I was drawn to simply by coincidence, whom I joined forces with against an unknown future and a world so large that we depended upon each other because none of us knew a damn thing, and we were all so wise." - Daniel J. Rice
"Your conversations are the beginning of your connections; be careful of your communications. Talk politely to strangers; you have no knowledge about how many of them will become your close friends forever!" - Israelmore Ayivor
"Don’t be too quick to accept every direction from friends. Watch closely what your hear before your apply." - Israelmore Ayivor
"There were so many other people in my life." - David Levithan
"I never married, but if I had done so, I'm sure I'd have divorced the sod a long time ago. Life is simply too short to hang around with annoying people. That may be why I have so few friends. I'm sure my daughter concurs." - Pansy Schneider-Horst
"Have peoples FUNDAMENTAL rights been compromised ?" - Dr. Chukuma
"Sometimes living in the shadows is the only thing you can do to help a friend. Dont worry when the sun shines people will see you were always there to guide them through the pain." - Royal Cromwell
"Die Freunde, an die ich denke, sind in der Zeit gefangen wie in einem Film. Sie (viele von ihnen sind tot, verschollen) sind in dem Alter, in dem ich sie zuletzt gesehen habe; ich bezweifle, dass sie mich jetzt wiedererkennen würden." - Alberto Manguel
"Who and what you affiliate your life around will likely determine who you'll become." - Jonathan Anthony Burkett
"And if someone has friends, and he loses everything in spite of that, it's obvious the friends are to blame. For what they did, or for what they didn't do." - Andrzej Sapkowski
"He ever offer to walk you home?"" - Rainbow Rowell
"So that's it. That's the big secret. I tried to kill myself on New Year's eve. Just like Sadie did last night. Only she really did it. I don't know all the detatils, just the basics. She took a bunch of pills. I don't know what they were or where she got them. I'd like to think they were Wonder Drug. Then at least she could have gone thinking she was flying." - Michael Thomas Ford
"When life deals you a rough hand, it’s not about how strong you are but how many people out there believe in you, stand by you: your FRIENDS." - Aman Jassal
"It's disappointing enough to know that the people we love will sometimes lie, but it is almost worse when we remember that strangers do this too, and this is why it is best not to admit our lies to strangers because it is not pleasant to learn that someone will lie even when there is little to nothing at stake." - Catherine Lacey
"When life gives up on you, know that your best friend will always be there." - TheKatAttack
"Friends are only friends when the fights don't matter because you understand each other better in the end." - Cici Clawson
"As we get older, it matters less where you are and more who you're with." - Crystal Woods
"Life is for memories, full of fun," - Debasish Mridha
"Usually after a good puke you feel better right away. We hugged each other and then said good-bye and went off to opposite ends of the hall to lie down in our own rooms. There is nothing like puking with somebody to make you into old friends." - sylvia plath
"A woman will endure many wounds in her lifetime, but the betrayal of a friend is one of the most difficult to overcome." - Tina Samples
"And you came to Finland to build a station?"" - Haruki Murakami
"Never make enemies of anyone younger or healthier than you are. They write your history." - Jacob M. Appel
"Who who whose smell in the air of her room, whose fingerprints all over her friends’ secret places." - Tana French
"My squad was my family, my gun was my provider and protector, and my rule was to kill or be killed. The extent of my thoughts didn’t go much beyond that. We had been fighting for over two years, and killing had become a daily activity. I felt no pity for anyone." - Ishmael Beah
"No true friendship takes account of credit and debt. It gives freely, without thought of compensation or reward." - Una McCormack
"Nukuu ya mwandishi wa vitabu wa Brazili, Paulo Coelho, "Tunapopenda tunajitahidi siku zote kuwa wazuri zaidi kuliko jinsi sisi wenyewe tulivyo. Tunapojitahidi kuwa wazuri zaidi kuliko jinsi sisi wenyewe tulivyo, kila kitu katika maisha yetu kinakuwa kizuri hali kadhalika.", inadhihirisha kikamilifu tabia ambayo bibi yangu (Martha Maregesi) alijitahidi kuwa nayo katika kipindi cha maisha yake yote. Alikuwa mtu mwenye furaha sana. Alikuwa na tabasamu lenye kuambukiza ambalo marafiki na familia yake hawakuweza kujizuia kutabasamu pia alipofurahi nao. Pamoja na kwamba alikumbana na matatizo mengi na bahati mbaya nyingi katika maisha yake, alijulikana kama mtu mwenye upendo na uvumilivu mkubwa." - Enock Maregesi
"One day we both are going to realize that our Friendship was worth the fight." - Elena ristic
"Make good choices. The environment in which you dwell can have a high influence on what you will achieve. Friends you associate yourself with have the potential to reduce or upgrade your brand. What you think about can make you remain where you are or move you higher in your endeavours." - Israelmore Ayivor
"I find great happiness in my relationships with old friends, living mirrors that reflect histories of laughter and sorrow, triumphs and failures, births and deaths, on both sides." - Diane Von Furstenberg
"The great thing about the Internet isn't that you can reconnect with old friends or stay up to date with developing world events or send pictures of newborns immediately around the world. It is simply that you can log on to jcpenney.com from anywhere and order fresh underwear immediately after seeing your life flash before your eyes." - David C Holley
"Një prej funksioneve më kryesore të një miku është (në një formë të butë e simbolike) të durojë ndëshkimet të cilat do të donim, por nuk kemi mundësi, t'ua japim armiqve tanë." - Aldous Huxley
"He asked me IF I MISSED YOU. I didn't answer and walked away keeping my eyes closed. And then shedding a tear whisper: So much" - Elena ristic
"There is nothing more valuable in the writing process than a friend to hold you accountable to your own potential." - J.R.  Young
"I'm friends with a guy who is friends with a former Playboy model. So I guess you could say I'm 1 degree away from 212 degrees." - Ryan Lilly
"Potential enemies make the best friends and lovers. Many a blessed union begins in adversity." - Randy Thornhorn
"Doing comedy for a living is, in a lot of ways, like a pony and a camel trying to escape from the zoo. It’s a ridiculous endeavor and has a low probability of success, but most importantly, it is way easier if you’re with a friend." - Amy Poehler
"Oftentimes at Yale, I'll be sitting around studying or drinking or hanging out when I'll hear one of my friends talk about a project they're doing for a class or a rally they're organizing or a play they're putting on. And I'll just think, really, honestly, how remarkably privileged we are to hang around with such a talented group of people around here. I am constantly reminded of the immense passion and creativity of those with whom I get to spend time every day." - Marina Keegan
"I just could not leave the people who ever fill my heart. But if people leave, well, like today myself. That's why I'm afraid to get acquainted with a lot of people because I'm afraid of losing a lot of people too. In reality I always get acquainted with many people, how is this?" - Vea Dreamer
"வெற்றி கிடைத்த போது" - Dinesh Sivaprakash Sidhu
"Violence was a disease Gansey didn't think he could catch. But all around him, his friends were slowly infected." - Maggie Stiefvater
"A year of ending and beginning, a year of loss and finding...and all of you were with me through the storm. I drink your health, your wealth, your fortune for long years to come, and I hope for many more days in which we can gather like this." - C.J. Cherryh
"Better to be slapped with the truth than kissed with a lie." - Russian proverb
"I should rip your eyes out,” Newt said, spraying Thomas with spit. “Teach you a lesson in stupidity." - James Dashner
"You will never know the moon or stars, unless you breathe in their solar system and inspect it from many diverse vantage points as possible." - Shannon L. Alder
"If you need true friend 'a cup of tea can be' it gives you company, listen without complain and makes you fresh anytime,anywhere" - Rahul Bodkhe
"He was like a book, where each chapter picks up pace until you can't put it down. That's when you know you've made a friend - when you want to read more of his story." - Katie Kacvinsky
"I write to get ideas out of my head" - Bobbi Kay
"Satisfaction is not the achievement of what we want, but the awareness of what we have." - Abhishek Shukla
"Friends are like books, you learn from every one of them." - Debasish Mridha
"The things we share with each other are deeply felt from within our hearts that neither of us will ever forget. For the gifts that are priceless are the ones that are heartfelt; their roots are within our soul. They are the greatest gifts, of all." - Ellen J. Barrier
"Happiness held is the beginning; happiness shared is the blossom" - Abhishek Shukla
"If you want to make peace, you don’t talk to your friends. You talk to your enemies." - Moshe Dayan
"Friends are the best anti-depressants; with only positive effects, no side-effects." - Piyush Kaviraj
"They weren't making much sense; she decided they were having an argument as old and comfortable as an armchair, the kind of argument that no one ever really wins or loses, but which can go on for ever, if both parties are willing." - Neil Gaiman
"why shine as bright as the sun, when you can shine as bright as the moon and let the stars shine beside you" - Shannon Dicks
"Friendship is the grease of life." - Ogwo David Emenike
"All problems, though appearing outside of you, must be resolved within YOU." - Vivian Amis
"- Artėja mano gimimo diena, - kalba žmogus. - Teks sukviesti ėdrius draugus ir surengti jiems puotą. Vargas man." - Mikalojus Vilutis
"You get all these friends when just when you don't need friends anymore." - John Green
"you can pick your friends, and you can pick your nose, but you can't pick your friends nose." - John Green
"There are some people who walk into your life and shed a new light in your entire being. Be grateful to such people." - Ogwo David Emenike
"You can always make enemies of your friends,' said Sumael. 'Making friends of your enemies is harder labor." - Joe Abercrombie
"Each little update - each individual bit of social information - is insignificant on its own, even supremely mundane. But taken together, over time, the little snippets coalesce into a surprisingly sophisticated portrait of your friends’ and family members’ lives, like thousands of dots making a pointillist painting." - Alex Soojung-Kim Pang
"You can pick your friends, and you can pick your nose, but you can't pick your friends nose." - John Green
"I believe being strong means I can kiss you and still fight my enemies and succeed. I can show emotion and be complicated and hope for love and family and friends in a world that is telling me I can die tomorrow." - Alicia D'Aversa
"God Made Nature, Nature Need Friends." - Rocky13
"Nurture the qualities in yourself that you desire in your friends." - Elizabeth George
"The true friend . . . knows that you need him in that very moment –not tomorrow, not next week. By next week you may happy, or you may be dead." - Suzanne Massie
"Some of our friends put our enemies out of work." - Jett
"Sometimes all you can do is hug a friend tightly and wish that their pain could be transferred by touch to your own emotional hard drive." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Fire false friends. They are in to fast-forward your fall and failure." - Israelmore Ayivor
"They were the best sort of friends. The sort everyone hopes for but no one deserves, least of all me." - Patrick Rothfuss
"There is no medicine that can ignite the bond of love. Friendship is compulsory, love comes around when friendship ripes, and sex is a matter of choice." - Michael Bassey Johnson
"Every friend was once a stranger and if you know this, you have to understand that conversations are the beginning of connection" - Israelmore Ayivor
"A friend is someone who will always be there for you, in good and hard times." - Lailah Gifty Akita
"FRIENDS" - Giorge Leedy
"Reading a book is a silent conversation between two friends." - Aman Jassal
"Your friends drag you down, Gordie. Don't you know that? [...] Your friends do. They're like drowning guys that are holding onto your legs. You can't save them. You can only drown with them." - Stephen King
"Every person you meet has been assigned to play a role in your story as you are assigned to play one in someone else’s. I often say that the people we come across can be one of the four kinds. They can be like pebbles, fountains, quagmire or bridges. Pebbles are those who you meet commonly and in abundance. They do not facilitate anything great but they help you continue walking on this journey of life. Everyone you cross in life without really connecting with them are pebbles. Then there are fountains – who spring water of happiness on you. They bring positivity and joy; they nourish your soul and irrigate the seeds of good thoughts. Your friends, well-wishers are all fountains. Then, on the other end of the spectrum, you have quagmires. These are the people who cause you pain. Now, even some pebbles may have caused you pain as it happens if you tread on a barbed pebble but the difference is that quagmires do that on purpose. They pull you down, induce fear and negativity by discouraging you and worrying you. They will not let you move on – that’s why they keep you bogged down in your failures. Finally, the rarest ones are the bridges – they connect you to unchartered ground that you wouldn’t have reached on your own. They unite you to your destiny. With them, your plane of consciousness expands, you see things you have not seen before; your life becomes more aware, more enlightened. Your parents, your teachers and anyone who touches your life and transcends it into something more beautiful – they are all bridges." - Nistha Tripathi
"Remember as there are people that can help you to roll the boat of your dreams, there are also people who can drill holes under that boat to make it sink." - Israelmore Ayivor
"Pick a mentor. Select and be closer to someone who is there to talk to you, inspire you, and be on you, monitoring your affairs and movements for the best reasons and ensuring that your dreams become fruitful." - Israelmore Ayivor
"Things change and friends leave and life doesn't stop for anybody" - Stephen Chbosky
"Human beings are very unpredictable in relations and there are no written agreements... Unlike in business transactions..." - honeya
"The only reason a true friend won't be there to pick you up is because they are lying beneath you from trying to break your fall." - Tommy Cotton
"Talk to strangers politely. You don’t how many of them will become your close companions." - Israelmore Ayivor
"times flies and people change..!!! thats the shitty thing about this world." - usman ahmad
"It is a great joy to love and be loved." - Lailah Gifty Akita
"Value supported family and friends." - Lailah Gifty Akita
"Avoid the use of abusive words in communications that may switch off the attention of your mentor and your customers away." - Israelmore Ayivor
"Be a good listener. With rapt attention, let every communication or conversation you have with your mentor, friends or even strangers be well understood." - Israelmore Ayivor
"times flies and people change..! thats the shitty thing about this world." - usman ahmad
"People inspire people. That’s the more reason why mentor-ship is a critical tool for dreams accomplishment." - Israelmore Ayivor
"Your dreams get perfect assistant if it goes connecting with great people." - Israelmore Ayivor
"Refuse to be isolated. Your accomplishments are patronized by people who would get interest in them. When you don’t get connected, how will you get to know those people?" - Israelmore Ayivor
"Develop accommodating values and habits. People are scared away from you when you have a value system and habitual actions that accommodate them comfortably." - Israelmore Ayivor
"Women and cars are alike. Once they start giving you problems, get rid of them." - Anonymous
"How quickly people can forget you, until they want something from u" and when they are done with you, you are not even a stranger but an invisible person who doesn't even exist." - honeya
"We all have sinned so far in our lives and might continue too but still we all love talking about others sins, Elaborating, exaggerating, laughing, commenting, cursing... And we all enjoy it hahaha" - honeya
"Learn soon...Reach moon by bus," - Mohamed Saad
"Real friends were the kind where you pick up where you’d left off, whether it be a week since you’d seen each other or two years." - Jojo Moyes
"Let today mark a new beginning for you. Give yourself permission to say NO without feeling guilty, mean, or selfish. Anybody who gets upset and/or expects you to say YES all of the time clearly doesn’t have your best interest at heart. Always remember: You have a right to say NO without having to explain yourself. Be at peace with your decisions." - Stephanie Lahart
"There comes some special times that you got to keep "impossibility thinkers" behind you and walk with those are prepared to go forward with you because that is the only option to keep you going!" - Israelmore Ayivor
"Watch your dreams and watch our friends. Take time and watch your friend again with sharpened eyes. Turn on your dreams again; watch them again; then watch your friends once more and know who to keep away and who to keep nearer!" - Israelmore Ayivor
"To attract people naturally, effortlessly, we need only follow the true prompting of our hearts." - Wu Wei
"Your friends are a reflection of you." - Elizabeth George
"I've said this before, but people love you for so many reasons. Some love you only for what you do for them. Some love you for how much money you spend. Some love you for your possessions. By now, we should know that isn't love, but merely infatuation. Don't be fooled into thinking a person like that is going to hang around once those things are gone." - Amaka Imani Nkosazana
"I think wow, I imagine this is what it's like to have friends." - Tahereh Mafi
"Make a new friend by picking up a book and getting to know it!" - Carmela Dutra
"The role that people play in your life can determine how far you can go." - Israelmore Ayivor
"Okay, let’s pretend to be friends. Just two friends having dinner.” “That doesn’t work in the South. A male friend cannot have dinner with a female friend if the male friend has a wife. It just doesn’t work down here.” “Why not?” “Because men don’t have female friends. No way. I don’t know of a single man in the entire South who is married and has a female friend. I think it goes back to the Civil War.” “I think it goes back to the Dark Ages. Why are Southern women so jealous?” “Because that’s the way we’ve trained them. They learned from us. If my wife met a male friend for lunch or dinner, I’d tear his head off and file for divorce. She learned it from me.” “That makes absolutely no sense.” “Of course it doesn’t.” “Your wife has no male friends?” “None that I know of. If you learn of any, let me know.” “And you have no female friends?” “Why would I want female friends? They can’t talk about football, or duck hunting, or politics, or lawsuits, or anything that I want to talk about. They talk about kids, clothes, recipes, coupons, furniture, stuff I know nothing about. No, I don’t have any female friends. Don’t want any.” “That’s what I love about the South. The people are so tolerant.” “Thank you." - John Grisham
"Friendship fills your life with the essence of joy and mutual understanding. And some of the best friends in life have more than two legs." - Veronika Jensen
"Time flows smoother when you are with people you love." - Charlotte Eriksson
"You've got to be around people who encourage you, advice you and want to see you go even higher and higher than they themselves have attained!" - Israelmore Ayivor
"Friends who mock your dreams are not qualified to keep dusting your door step with their footprints every time." - Israelmore Ayivor
"If they were there for you when you had nothing, they are the ones worth having now. If they only notice you because of what you have gained, are they worth having at all?" - Donna Lynn Hope
"Connect with people who are going where you are going. Don’t hate people. The person you may need later may be likened to the bridge you have destroyed after crossing it. You’ll need that bridge when returning." - Israelmore Ayivor
"You're right; you can't" - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ho provato molto seriamente a non pensare a lui. Ho sepolto il suo ricordo sotto i baci, le carezze e le voci di altri ragazzi ma ora tutto ciò che sento, provo e avverto sulla pelle è lui e il suo profumo di cannella." - Petra March
"A good coach can be a caring parent, a wise teacher, an exemplary pastor, a passionate friend or a devoted mentor. Keep in touch with all of them especially at the time they are needed." - Israelmore Ayivor
"Plan the number of hours each day you’ll spend on your dreams, the kind of people you’ll love to connect with, the amount of capital you’ll want to invest and the sources of help you are required to get. Make a plan." - Israelmore Ayivor
"There’s the feisty bitch I know and love. Now come on, it’s time to show Jai and his prick of a dad who the head poncho is around here.” She said giggling, as I slowly let her go and took a step back." - K.A. Cross
"The person with a joyous heart is a treasure to be with, a wellspring of inspiration, and a fit companion. When we are joyous of heart, we hear a resonance in the songs of the birds, see resonance in the opening of a flower, and feel it in the pressure of a friend’s hand." - Wu Wei
"We're not friends, Mark," I reply sadly. "We're strangers with memories." - Kristen Proby
"Kolonia Santita imesambaa dunia nzima. Hapa Meksiko wana magenge rafiki zaidi ya mia moja yakiwemo makubwa kabisa katika Latino ya Matamolos na Baja California. Nikitekwa nyara na memba yoyote wa magenge hayo, kuna uwezekano mkubwa wasinifanye chochote au nisilipe chochote kwa sababu ya Wanda. Fadhila ya uhalifu. Kwa sababu ya fadhila ya uhalifu; baba, au viongozi wengine wa serikali ambao watoto wao wamo ndani ya 'mpango' huo, wanatakiwa wawakingie kifua (kwa namna yoyote wanayoweza) pindi wanapoanguka katika mikono ya dola na sheria. Wasipofanya hivyo kutakuwa na vita ya ndani kwa ndani … kama unanielewa. Hivyo, kuna mtu anaitwa El Tigre – baba yake Wanda – ndiye ninayetaka unisaidie. Amemuua Marciano, na watu wengi wa Meksiko. Nataka kumlipia kisasi Marciano, na marafiki zangu wengi ambao El Tigre amewaua, hata kwa njia isiyodhahiri." - Enock Maregesi
"Sometimes we take our love ones for granted that we forget to show them how much they meant to us until they’re gone. Sometimes we allow the negative energy from a few disputes we had with each other to conceal the many joys we had with one another and allow it to dictate our behaviors. But always remember that true love comes with no condition so show your love those who have always been there for you while they’re still alive because crying next to their caskets is meaningless if you never show them how much you love them." - John Yang aka Private83
"Why you should fear of being abandoned by friends who 'hypocritical'. While the around you have a friend who 'sincerely'." - Intan Hartiwan
"I’d love to have the kind of friend who would visit me before visiting a man. Otherwise I know where I’m ranked, which is below him." - Donna Lynn Hope
"Even my best friends are my enemies." - Oɴʏx
"Remember iron sharpens iron. People inspire people, therefore, always ensure that you read books that can easily guide you to discover strategies of making a good name." - Israelmore Ayivor
"Its really hard to recall the day you became friends with special people." - michael bassey johnson
"It was pretty cool to have someone around here who didn't like the same things as everybody else." - Elizabeth Eulberg
"We’re stars, you know. Different, distant, young and old, but we’re all made of the same stuff. We all shine just as bright as the next." - Dannika Dark
"Because friendship is about laughing when the other person is joking to make you feel better. Even if you don’t find her joke all that funny." - Padma Venkatraman
"I no doubt deserved my enemies, but I don't believe I deserved my friends." - Walt Whitman
"He will never let her go. Never. she belongs to him..Forever." - Awwthentic
"Good Friends Don't Let You Do Stupid Things.. Alone" - Ain Eineziz
"Yes, i will find you too, my fairy. i will find you" - Awwthentic
"Yes, Rose. Love is a wonderful feeling!" - Awwthentic
"People are drawn to you because you make them feel happy; I understand that. But wouldn't it be nice to have people flock to you wishing for your happiness?" - Richelle E. Goodrich
"There are no self made heroes or leaders. No matter how rugged or self assured, everyone requires a cast of players - friends, mentors, lovers, critics, villains and supporters - who call, invite, seduce, goad and encourage them to finally step into their true power." - Jacob Nordby
"We choose our friends on the basis of, among other things, our conception of ourselves. That's not to say that friendship is narcissistic, it doesn't follow that we choose people 'like ourselves'; in fact we might choose people very different than ourselves. For example, if I'm not very intelligent, and I'm concerned about my lack of intelligence, I might take up with an extremely intelligent woman, precisely in order to have her intelligence, in some sense, radiate onto me." - Robert C. Solomon
"Someone said: friends are the thiefs of time. I shall add: of time, freedom, life; and givers of best memories, brightest moments, true feelings." - Mykyta Isagulov
"Nothing inspires me greater than the silly behaviour and crazy ideas of my best friends..." - Mykyta Isagulov
"The men who are dropped in a jungle or a desert and expected video games and got mundanity and depravity and friends dying like animals." - Dave Eggers
"You never lose friends. You just discover who your real friends are." - Ain Eineziz
"Friends are like ants, they walk into your life unnoticed and take over your life as if its like their own." - Hanif Hassan Barbhuiya
"Ti amo, gattina." - Petra March
"Rose, we are here today. Tomorrow we don’t know where life will take us to. So, as long as we have today in our hands, let’s not slip it from our hands. Let’s live it!" - Awwthentic
"I like strangers, they say the nicest things" - Sol Goode
"WHAT CAN YOU SPEND BUT YOU CAN NEVER GET BACK????" - Qwana M. BabyGirl Reynolds-Frasier
"An enemy of yours is an enemy of mine; an enemy of mine is an enemy of yours; if an enemy of mine is not an enemy of yours, then you're an enemy of mine." - John Yang aka Private83
"When darkness threatens your world, friends can be beams of sunshine if only you'll let them." - Emily March
"Friends were hundred ," - Yash Gupta
"Friends were hundred ," - Yash Gupta
"We're about to hit that age when we'll be too exhausted to maintain friendships, and the days of hanging out will be long behind us." - Gume Laurel III
"You’re impossible.” I sighed. “And really weird. No wonder Jared likes you." - Rea Lidde
"True friendship is the hardest thing to break..." - Mykyta Isagulov
"My friends are my enimies, my magi, my gods, my life..." - Mykyta Isagulov
"Natalie was bored in her marriage. At first she could hardly admit it to herself. After all, they were a perfect match: similar backgrounds, same religion, similar professions (she was a school psychologist, he was a psychology professor). Didn't all the research suggest that the more you have in common, the more likely you are to succeed as a couple? Yet, those feelings of boredom were definitely surfacing. David wasn't as exciting as he used to be. He was so busy with all of his professorial assignments. Plus, he's head of the department. Where were all those easy fun days they used to have?" - Barbara Becker Holstein
"All friends have secrets. We're like three-dimensional shapes on paper; we all have hidden sides. And there's some secrets we don't even reveal to ourselves." - Nenia Campbell
"I don't believe in guardian angels," Regine says seriously. "Just people who are there for you and people who aren't." - Patrick Ness
"You are far too amazing to be someone's backup. You're someone's first choice." - Chris Burkmenn
"Love is beyond space and time. It reaches out to the heart of the person that you are missing. Love binds two souls and not two bodies." - Awwthentic
"She is not an ordinary girl. She is my fairy who will change my life and make it beautiful with her smiles." - Awwthentic
"She was all the world’s money, and I would spend it with her, my sharpest friend who changed the tide, my only comfort from the brutal gamble of the world and the wicked ways of men." - Daniel Handler
"And I think they knew. Not anything specific really. They just knew. And I think that's all you can ever ask from a friend." - Stephen Chbosky
"Technology has transformed the world into a global village. And communities, families, friends, etc., into local islands." - Mokokoma Mokhonoana
"She believes in love, in destiny and she knows ...she feels her prince in her destiny. She just has to wait for the right time....." - Awwthentic
"I measure my friends not by being there with me when everything is going well, but embracing me when I'm criticized and when I endure tough times." - Terraine Francois
"Appeasers will always try to get the least dangerous person to bend to the most dangerous person. This is one of the main problems in dysfunctional relationships. The more mature and rational you are the more you are victimized because, they are aware that you're not going to be as aggressive, destructive, or possibly as abusive and so you are the one who has to bend. You're the one who has to change and this constant rapping of rational people's souls around the prickly irrationalities of other people are what appeasers are constantly doing." - Stefan Molyneux
"I don't remember where we were walking to or where we were walking from. I don't even remember the season. I just remember walking between them and feeling for the first time that I belonged somewhere." - Stephen Chbosky
"Life is partly what we make it, and partly what it is made by the friends we choose." - Tennessee Williams
"Why bring him in my life at all when he never was meant to stay?" - Awwthentic
"I think, yes, a man and a woman can be good friends, but it isn't easy for them being as no one else will suppose that that is what they are. And then there's the problem of being different sexes. I think if they are good friends, then whatever else they are - or are not - is better." - A.S. Byatt
"Her Prince! He might not be the handsomest man on earth. Not even the richest one too but he would have the purest of the heart and soul and he will love her with the same purity throughout eternity. He would be her Prince." - Awwthentic
"She might not be cinderella to lose her shoe to find her prince or Rapunzel for that matter who will lift him up to set her free only to be lost in him, or Snow-white to be kissed and awakened by a Prince or any other princesses but yet she knows, she believes her destiny has a Prince in store for her - Her man. She would be his Princess and he would be her prince." - Awwthentic
"So what if he is not part of my present but he is in my future, I know. And everyday I'm going a step closer to my future, to him." - Awwthentic
"There's some things in life that matter more that others but just remember that when ever you lose someone its the small things your gonna miss. Some things some people do might be annoying but if you ever lose them as a friend those annoying little things where the little things that made there company lovely. Never forget." - Cheyanne Doiron
"Wrinkles should merely indicate where smiles have been." _Mark Twain (Author)" - Kat Kaelin
"There is non who is unfriendly, even the person we may regard as unfriendly has a friend. Our mind is the only limitation and barrier to people" - Ernest Agyemang Yeboah
"The two of us sat back down in the swing and continued sitting side-by-side the first Day of June; moving to-and-fro in the swing on the front porch. A soothing summer breeze caught a ride on the south wind and blew across our faces. I enjoyed endless days and nights sitting, sighing, lying, walking, and talking alongside my best friend..." Lone Walk From Panther Creek" - Kat Kaelin
"One of these days, I would doubt the Gardeners a little too much and Zach was going to play handball with my head." - Aron Christensen
"One of these days, I would doubt the Gardeners a little too much and Zach was going to play handball with my head." - Erica Lindquist
"Nice work," I commented drily. "How old was that littlest one? Five? Did she put up a terrible fight?"" - Erica Lindquist
"Nice work," I commented drily. "How old was that littlest one? Five? Did she put up a terrible fight?"" - Aron Christensen
"Happiness is.. reading a novel with your Bestie." - Vikrmn
"Friends and People are like clouds and trees that we see hustling past the window of a running train." - Vikrmn
"I always thought loving someone is the greatest feeling, but I realized that loving a friend is even better. We lose people we love but we never lose true friends. True Friendship is something which happens 24/7, no special day is needed to celebrate that feeling. Anywayz happy Friendship Day !!" - KakkZ
"When two hearts believe, love makes things possible." - Awwthentic
"When you lose your ego, you win. It really is that simple." - Shannon L. Alder
"If your love for another person doesn’t include loving yourself then your love is incomplete." - Shannon L. Alder
"You can be bit in the leg by a rattlesnake and seek help to heal your wound, or you can run after it and let the poison take your leg. The same is true with love." - Shannon L. Alder
"Friends are those crazy people who keep coming back, in spite of being exposed to the real you." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"" - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Being weird adds spice to life. Having weird friends just deepens the flavor" - Jayelle Cochran
"But I love you and I want you and I need you. Can’t you see that? This world has nothing to offer me if it doesn’t include you." - Jennifer Elisabeth
"We had grown into one another somewhere along the way. We were officially a team." - Shannon A. Thompson
"You haunt my days and dreams." - Jennifer Elisabeth
"The Fall will always be yours and mine…" - Jennifer Elisabeth
"Each day, at the same time, Jude would return and they would be there, led by Webb, whose life could not have been more different than his. Where Webb's memories of childhood were idyllic and earthy, Jude's reeked of indifference. Webb read fantasy; Jude read realism. Webb believed a tree house was the perfect place for gaining a different perspective on the world; Jude saw it as perfect for surveillance and working out who or what was a threat to them. They argued about sport codes and song lyrics. Jude saw the rain-dirty valley; Webb saw Brigadoon. Yet, despite all this, they connected, and the nights they spent in the tree house discussing their brave new worlds and not so brave emotions made everything else in their lives insignificant. Somehow the world of Webb and Fitz and Tate and Narnie became the focus of Jude's life." - Melina Marchetta
"If I had an .MP3 of your heartbeat… I might actually get some sleep." - Jennifer Elisabeth
"Who you allow into the circle of your life will make the difference in the quality of your life." - Chris Prentiss
"I tried to push my body through his and completely disappear." - Jennifer Elisabeth
"Isn't it sad that so often it takes facing death to appreciate life and each other fully?" - Lori Earl
"Animals are precious gifts offering unconditional love." - Kat Kaelin
"All my life, I have been searching for a home," the drow said quietly. "All my life, I have been wanting more than that which was offered to me, more than Menzoberranzan, more than friends who stood beside me out of personal gain. I always thought home would be a place, and indeed it is, but not in any physical sense. It is a place in here," Drizzt said, putting a hand to his heart and turning back to look upon his companions. "It is a feeling given by true friends." - R.A. Salvatore
"Just because we're friends, doesn't mean I shouldn't have to say sorry. You deserve that respect." - Dorothy Koomson
"Why are you being so mean?" - Laurie Halse Anderson
"Kafir, you have a very complicated problem with a very simple solution." - John Green 
"Cool posts and kind comments make friends. Think about others online. NetworkEtiquette.net" - David Chiles
"I know you're just trying to be kind. But the world isn't always kind. So sometimes you have to know what you're up against, and match it.' He held up a hand to stop the words about to be spoken; I could see the vague shape of it hovering in the blackness. 'I know it's not right to fight fire with fire. But sometimes, it's all we've got." His voice grew soft, and, in the darkness, his hand found mine, squeezed. 'Don't put your fire out, Kaitlyn. Use it, or pass the torch." - Mackenzie Herbert
"He was cold and tired, but he ignored the cold. Around him stars shone. Some bright, some dim, the most constant things in life. Segundo smiled up at them, happy at least to be dying among friends." - Orson Scott Card
"My grin was feral, matching my savage best friend’s." - scarlett dawn
"Nothing will ever be attempted if all possible objections must first be overcome." -" - Samuel Johnson
"I am an autismo, GOML M9" - Autismo GIsmo
"Do not ever fear your enemies, who attack you relentlessly," - Munindra (Munnan) Misra
"If you lend someone $20, and never see that person again; it was" - Anonymous
"Ja draugi ir visi, vai tie ir īsti draugi?" - Jānis Joņevs
"I replayed the moment I first saw him at the picnic throughout our years together. As corny as it may sound, from the first glance we shared near the cake stand at the picnic, the two of us remained connected like the icing on one of those made from scratch cakes..." - Kat Kaelin
"I write letters to you that you’ll never see." - Jennifer Elisabeth
"He looked at me, that first day, like he had just found something he’d lost a thousand years ago." - Jennifer Elisabeth
"These are the attributes of Bullshit people; they will...blur your imagination, take your endowments for a piece of debris, make you ridiculous, and most importantly, you got to send them to the recycle bin." - Michael Bassey Johnson
"In the old days, when travelers would get lost, they would follow the stars and I love that idea. I wish that I could rely on something as simple and magnificent as a star for all of my aching questions." - Jennifer Elisabeth
"Remember why we live. Remember warmth, remember good food. Remember friends, and song, and evenings spent around the hearth." - Brandon Sanderson
"Best friends are treasures. Hug them for their caring. Applaud their accomplishments. Laugh with them gratefully." - Amy Leigh Mercree
"I ruin everything. I think that a bullet must have passed through my heart when I was very young, causing me to bleed out slowly, over things and people and every white surface that I’d ever come across." - Jennifer Elisabeth
"I don’t ever want to hurt anyone, but I really wish there was something like a reset button on my life." - Jennifer Elisabeth
"It feels like the world is folding up around me, like origami paper, and I’m trapped inside of its breathless center." - Jennifer Elisabeth
"I wish that love could be broken down the way it breaks me down." - Jennifer Elisabeth
"Time' is the most threatening four letter word." - Jennifer Elisabeth
"Anyone else would have probably stayed put---or at least looked deeply uncomfortable, but Frank seemed like he was taking this in stride, like helping to reunite friends was just a normal thing he did." - Morgan Matson
"I’m tired of justifying why I love someone. I’m done with the explaining." - Jennifer Elisabeth
"That last time you kissed me my heart slid past your teeth down into the center of your chest… trapping us both in a stainless cage." - Jennifer Elisabeth
"I want to understand the strings that are tied between me and certain other people and if they really can stretch through infinite time and space without ever breaking. Are soul mates real, and is my life ever going to make sense?" - Jennifer Elisabeth
"He could pour himself into my little paper cup heart and my emptiness would finally have a meaning." - Jennifer Elisabeth
"So much has been done to my body, and still, somehow, not enough." - Jennifer Elisabeth
"Hatred or disliking for someone is something that doesn't come easily but once it comes, it make sure not to leave your heart and mind and stay there either for ever or a long time." - Shivam Singh
"I feel like a paper cut just waiting to bleed." - Jennifer Elisabeth
"I wish on one of the stars for divine orchestration and save the rest of them for all of the other girls in the world who will feel like I do tonight." - Jennifer Elisabeth
"I hate telling people this. I never know exactly how my voice is going to sound saying it, and I hate the stricken looks they get on their faces when they don't know what to say back." - Kendare Blake
"Our whole lives, it was like we were always trying so hard to be perfect - for our families and our friends, for each other - when the funny thing was, we didn't have to. In the end, we were better than that." - Brenna Yovanoff
"I kept waiting for the part where I’d finally know who I was — some flashing, neon moment of relief, but it never came." - Jennifer Elisabeth
"We spent days and weeks doing nothing, calling one another ten times a day to schedule our nothing-doing." - Tina Fey
"Standing naked on the beach with all of my secrets between my legs, I look out into the water and up deep into the stars. I beg the sparkling lanterns of light to cure me of myself…" - Jennifer Elisabeth
"One of the most critical decisions made in life is choosing with whom to spend your time. For it is those close relationships that gradually mold our character until we become a reflection of the company we keep." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"One in three all friends are:" - Friedrich Nietzsche
"A knowledgeable citizen is a powerful citizen because knowledge is power! Make your nation a powerful one... Keep reading to acquire more knowledge! Let books be your friends; never disappoint them by not studying them frequently!" - Israelmore Ayivor
"As a child of privilege, no one is your friend. They will claim to be your friends, they will laugh at your jokes and invite you to their parties, but they do not like you. They like your power, they like what you will become someday." - Orson Scott Card
"I hate telling people this. I never know exactly how my voice is going to sound saying it, and I hate the stricken looks they get on their faces when they don't know what to say back." - Kendra Blake
"I didn't tell her, because I didn't think it would help, but all people are lost, to varying degrees. I suspected that it’s only when we love others—through purpose, friendship, romance, or any combination thereof—that we become found." - Penny Reid
"I gang my own gait and have never belonged to my country, my home, my friends, or even my immediate family, with my whole heart; in the face of all these ties I have never lost an obstinate sense of detachment, of the need for solitude — a feeling which increases with the years." - Albert Einstein
"I prefer solitude to companions, since there are so few men who are trustworthy, and almost none truly learned. I do not say this because I demand scholarship in all men -- although the sum total of men's learning is small enough; but I question whether we should allow anyone to waste our time. The wasting of time is an abomination." - Girolamo Cardano
"What exactly does that expression mean, 'friends with benefits'? Does he provide her with health insurance?" - Chuck Lorre
"The most and best of us depend on others; we have to live either among friends or among enemies." - Balthasar Gracian
"Over the years most of my peers had come to hate me—I never understood why. I guess I was just different and, like dogs, they could smell it. So I never had many friends." - Sol Luckman
"...anyone looking for friends without faults shall remain friendless. The choice is yours." - Holly Lynn Payne
"To be a good writer, become a good listener." - Cynthia Briggs
"Our enemies leave our bodies for the crows and the wolves. Our friends bury us in secret graves." - George R.R. Martin
"Spiritual friends help us most when they make clear that their job is to point the way, not to lead the way. And the Way to which they should point is Jesus." - David G. Benner
"When you are without friends, the next best thing is an enemy who knows you well." - Midnight Blue
"Friends are like sugar. When you have them, you'll feel happiness. When you have too many of them, you will suffer." - Ade Santi
"True friends are always near, the Goddess said. Beneath the eyelids on a stormy night, around the bend in a wicked dream, hearkening to the future by the chimes of their companion’s call." - Mary-Jean Harris
"You cannot trust a person who only has new friends." - JA Perez
"It’s funny how even when you’ve lived with someone your whole life, they can still surprise you." - Shannon Wiersbitzky
"The first time Enokizu met me, the first words he said were: "You look like an ape."" - Natsuhiko Kyogoku
"Hold me like you hold the hand of a little kid who needs you in loneliness, bite my fingers like you bite a giggling kid in front of her friends, and play with me like you play with a kid who only has a few days to live." - M.F. Moonzajer
"You and me? We are never going to be just friends. The only time I'm not adoring you is when I am too busy hating you and wishing to God I never met you..." - Thomm Quackenbush
"There is nothing I would not do for those who are really my friends. I have no notion of loving people by halves, it is not my nature" - Jane Austen
" 'Didn't realize Matty was so scary,' Chris said." - Kim Fielding
"We started out as five people whose lives just happened to cross paths. By the end of the summer we were family" - J.C. Lucas
"...we need to bear in mind that our opinion of other people, our ties with friends or family, have only the semblance of fixity and are, in fact, as eternally fluid as the sea." - Marcel Proust
"It's proper netiquette to add suggested friends to your social media accounts. NetworkEtiquette.net" - David Chiles
"One of the things that kept our marriage intact was community. Friends who spurred us on to finish strong together. And it’s friends who esteem marriage that will do this; not people who belittle it or question the value of it." - Ashleigh Slater
"I am very happy with all my friends and co-workers, because if they don’t remember me in their happy times or in their success. However, they never forget me if they are in a problem or need my help…" - Nutan Bajracharya
"Stop tagging everyone into your life's profile. For all you don't know, some will neither comment nor commend you; some may not like or hike with you! Evil companies corrupt good morals... Watch who goes with you and why! ...live life soooo well!!" - Israelmore Ayivor
"once you stop communicating as much as you use to, your friendship would not last. people change and people make new friends." - Karina Celestine
"You just...you don't take crap from anyone. But not in the fake, rebellious way that most kids do it, like they got something to prove. You're real, and people respect you a lot for that." - Christina Daley
"Teamwork is good netiquette. All good users can work together to accomplish goals. NetworkEtiquette.net" - David Chiles
"That’s what friends are for,” Sheba said." - Ronald Frame
"You can find anyone that will tell you what you want to hear, but the only one worth valuing is the one that tells you what you need to learn." - Shannon L. Alder
"Know before whom thou stands. Understand your friends for who they are, not who you wish them to be. Accept them for their flaws as well as their attributes. Turn to them for their strengths, what good stuff they can bring to your life, and forget about the rest. To ask for more only sets you up for failure." - Fran Drescher
"Don't let your teeth make you lose respect by permanently keeping them opened for the sake of being friendly." - Michael Bassey Johnson
"It is always good to have friends. Friends may be considered as part of the family because you have created and unbreakable bond. But, sometimes we outgrow certain people. We no longer have the same interests or outlook on life. That is when you realize that the friendship has to be maintained from a distance. Therefore, you create a new avenue in your life by removing toxic people who defeat your purpose." - Amaka Imani Nkosazana
"Do not pay attention to my cousins. Every family needs a couple idiots and we keep them around for entertainment." - Michelle M. Pillow
"Teen "addiction" to social media is a new extension of typical human engagement. Their use of social media as their primary site of sociality is most often a byproduct of cultural dynamics that have nothing to do with technology, including parental restrictions and highly scheduled lives. Teens turn to, and are obsessed with whichever environment allows them to connect to friends. most teens aren't addicted to social media; if anything, they're addicted to each other." - Danah Boyd
"Ya were going to turn me into a rat? Had I known that I wouldn’t have tried to turn ya into a snake." - Michelle M. Pillow
"Arrogance convinced me that by sheer determination, I could conquer helplessness itself. Stubborn and foolish youth, I must admit, for when I look back on those years now, I see quite clearly that rarely did I stand alone. Always there were friends, true and dear, lending me support even when I believed I did not want it, and even when I did not realize they were doing it." - R.A. Salvatore
"On that piece of white paper, Sam wrote, "Write about me sometime." And I typed back to her, standing right there in her bedroom. I just typed." - Stephen Chbosky
"Am I on your walk of shame? You did sleep with the right MacGregor, didn’t you?" - Michelle M. Pillow
"He’s not wearing…” Charlotte began." - Michelle M. Pillow
"He kissed the corner of her lips before whispering by her ear, “And that was just my hand, love." - Michelle M. Pillow
"A stóirín, ya are a handful of trouble, but I kind of like it." - Michelle M. Pillow
"Ly-di-ah! I sit beneath your window, laaaass, singing ’cause I loooove your a—" - Michelle M. Pillow
"There ya are.” Erik grinned at her as he came bounding down the steps two at a time. He stepped around his statue of a sister as if such a thing were normal. Perhaps here it was. He paused, nodding at Malina. “Morning, banshee.” He gave a small brotherly laugh and poked his thumb toward her face. “She does kind of look like a banshee with her hair flying around like that and her mouth all open. Yeah, ma froze her good. See how her eyes don’t move?” Erik leaned closer to her and grinned as he looked into her mouth. “Ha, Euann put a mint in there." - Michelle M. Pillow
"Lydia had been fantasizing about him to the point she nearly drove him insane with it. It had taken four days for his energy to weaken inside her enough that he could go and visit her without fear she would throw him across the town in a gust of wind, and thus cause a scene. Although, getting run out of town after one day would be a new MacGregor record." - Michelle M. Pillow
"Friendship is not about ships—no matter how big and fancy and expensive the yacht is." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"I've had too much money to be able to tell who my friends are..." - J.A. Jance
"Never fear to lose your three square meal per day if that will cause you to be a fan of the truth. Never fear to have a decrease in the number of your friends if you should maintain the truth…" - Israelmore Ayivor
"Amanda knew she was lucky to have a friend like Laura, somebody who was always there to back her up. It made it easier to be brave, easier to do the right thing." - Annette Cascone
"Only when we are thrust into the deepest and most terrible corner of life, do we see our real friends emerge from the shadows , one by one- shining the light of comfort and hope. Those are the ONLY friends that matter." - Ansul Noor
"Friends and fire didn’t go well together." - Veronica Bane
"You have so much love in you. Trust your firends and family. They're all you have, but they're precious, the most important part of your life." - Deb Baker
"She takes another sip of her drink. She looks around the bar. I look at the fine muscles in her neck, at the two points of her clavicle. Her grief has not so much changed her as stripped her down, stripped her body and her face. Maybe she should do what I do. She could stand next to me and the students could draw our lines. I order another bourbon, count the count." - Adam Berlin
"You can't reach a mountain top without friends to help you get there." - Leeland Mooring Lead Singer of the Band "leeland"
"Show your netiquette, to become cyber friends with those you have met, on the internet. NetworkEtquette.net" - David Chiles
"I’ve been living on the edge for so long, my friends call me Cliff" - Benny Bellamacina
"Once people get into relationships, friends and rational thought get tossed aside." - Philip Siegel
"Personligt kan jeg kun forestille mig én ting, der er endnu værre (end at have venner): familien. Gudskelov befinder jeg mig i den gunstige situation, at jeg ingen familie har." - Janina Katz
"Don't confuse your mentor with your buddies. Unlike the latter, your mentor isn't contented with where you're in life right now..." - Assegid Habtewold
"I loved him beyond madness being one soul one vein one body , which he never deserved" - Seema Gupta
"Cutting my roots and leaving my home and family when I was 18 years old forced me to build my home in other things, like my music, stories and my journey. The last years I have more or less constantly been on my way, on the road, always leaving and never arriving, which also means leaving people. I’ve loved and lost and I have regrets and I miss and no matter how many times you leave, start over, achieve success or travel places it’s other people that matter. People, friends, family, lovers, strangers – they will forever stay with you, even if only through memory. I’ve grown to appreciate people to the deepest core and I’m trying to learn how to tell people what I want to tell them when I have the chance, before it’s too late. …" - Charlotte Eriksson
"It's an unfair world, Child. Be glad you have friends." - Terry Pratchett
"Love is where unseen and unsaid things" - Seema Gupta
"My Love tears me between the addiction of patience and urge of infinite desire" - Seema Gupta
"You know you’ve read a good book when you turn the last page and feel a little as if you have lost a friend." - Paul Sweeney
"Love is your addiction to an eternal longing for someone...A thirst which one cannot relinquish" - Seema Gupta
"For love I have invested my life with no return " - Seema Gupta
"No matter how many years passed or how much responsibility each assumed, they still managed to bicker like bitchy teenagers on a regular basis. In some way, though, each found it comforting; it reminded them how close they really were: Acquaintances were always on their best behavior, but sisters loved each other enough to say anything." - Lauren Weisberger
"Sometimes I feel like we are the same, but sometimes, like right now, I feel the separation between our personalities like I've just run into a wall." - Veronica Roth
"I would prefer to live with bleeding heart where desire see darkness of uncertainty because I need to know the existence of love" - Seema Gupta
"Books are just old friends waiting to be discovered." - Carmela Dutra
"Most of my friends were in band, and most of my free time during school was spent within twenty feet of the band room" - John Green
"It's not that easy to find someone I can relate to. I'm tough to crack because I'm shy." - Kristin Kreuk
"But you are the average of the five people you associate with most, so do not underestimate the effects of your pessimistic, unambitious, or disorganized friends. If someone isn't making you stronger, they're making you weaker." - Tim Ferriss
"If you can confess before a friend, you don't need a priest." - Amit Kalantri
"If You Love me.." - Seema Gupta
"He could not fit in my imagination and I was not fit for his Real and the conflict between imagination and real sadly made us apart" - Seema Gupta
"Desire For Thee"" - Seema Gupta
"Usiwapoteze marafiki zako wa mwanzo kwa sababu ya ujinga wako, wala usiwaache marafiki zako wa mwanzo kwa sababu ya ujinga wao." - Enock Maregesi
"Moments without you made me realize How Idle I am in my life" - Seema Gupta
"The people in my circle? Those who make me feel blessed; not stressed." - Steve Maraboli
"Marafiki zako wa mwanzo ni wazuri kuliko wote." - Enock Maregesi
"Marafiki zako wa mwanzo ambao bado ni marafiki zako mpaka sasa ni wazuri kuliko wote kutokana na sababu mbalimbali: Wamekuwepo pamoja nawe katika shida na raha; wanakujua vizuri unapokuwa na furaha, na wanakujua vizuri unapokuwa na huzuni; mmezoeana kwa miaka mingi na wanaujua hata utani wako wa ndani; wanajua nini unapendelea zaidi na nini hupendelei zaidi, na wanazijua sifa zako za ushupavu na sifa zako za udhaifu. Hata hivyo, katika maisha yetu, tunahitaji marafiki wa aina zote mbili kurahisisha maisha. Marafiki wapya hutuongezea viungo muhimu katika maisha yetu wakati marafiki wa mwanzo ni nguzo au miamba imara ya maisha yetu, na ndiyo watu hasa watakaotusaidia katika shida na raha! Usiwapoteze au usiwaache marafiki zako wa mwanzo lakini jenga mahusiano mapya. Marafiki zako wa mwanzo ni dhahabu, wa sasa ni fedha." - Enock Maregesi
"Internet makes you think that you have millions of friends, whereas you are your own friend." - Michael Bassey Johnson
"It was a night where the rogue drow felt tiny, and yet grand, a part of something ancient, eternal, and as vast as his imagination and as warm as the love among these five freinds surrounding him ..." - R.A. Salvatore
"Nothing is so unpopular as positive change amongst friends. It seems when you change for the better, the people around you will be inspired to change… But only after trying their hardest to make you stop. Live your truth and don't EVER let anyone dilute your power to change!" - Steve Maraboli
"The people who are happy for your happiness and sad for your sadness... keep them around." - Steve Maraboli
"It struck her how sad it was that all of them had grown up on top of one another like small animals in a too-small cage, and now would simply scatter. And that would be the end of that. Everything that had happened would be sucked away into memory and vapour, as though it hadn't even happened at all." - Lauren Oliver
"Guilo, although a lawyer, never lied; at least not to his friends." - Donna Leon
"A stupid friend can hurt you more than a smart enemy." - Erol Ozan
"I knew she was right. Of course she was right. Bex was always right. She knew me better than I knew myself. But then again, isn't that a best friend's job?" - Ally Carter
"Choose your friends carefully. They are a reflection of you." - Jim George
"I was in love when I felt your soul speaks in my Body " - Seema Gupta
"Love is breathing each other with all madness" - Seema Gupta
"I laugh, because he knew what I was thinking, and very few people ever know what I'm thinking." - Lois Lowry
"For your love I have uprooted all my desires, I am no more demanding..." - seema gupta
"Love is floating somewhere in the beautiful horizon with an equal wave length with same frequency of intense feelings" - Seema Gupta
"For me love is when I don't limit you, I put you on the rainbows......" - Seema Gupta
"It was weird the way you could be friends with someone but not really know the ugly parts of their lives. We all had our secrets, I supposed." - Liz Czukas
"I carefully choose people in my life and if you are not happy with it, then its your call to be angry, broken, disappointed and lose sleep over my choice, judgement & decision... no apologies." - Uzoma Nnadi
"But the thing is, I didn't make my friends happy and they didn't make me happy. All we did was get stoned out of our minds. That didn't have anything to do with happiness." - Benjamin Alire Sáenz
"Well, it is very odd of you to threaten to throw your friends out of the window, I must say," remarked Juliana." - Georgette Heyer
"Love is when unknowingly I am moving to a world of no return, Where my desire and your fragrance together burn" - Seema Gupta
"Love has turned to be a sad tragedy of my life even we both are alive" - Seema Gupta
"Love is An invited deal for losing peace" - Seema Gupta
"He left me millions of time, but I am holding him with every breath with same madness" - Seema Gupta
"Some people said beware of enemies. Some said beware of friends and some said beware of frenemies, but the most dangerous people are those that will hurt you and still play the victim." - Uzoma Nnadi
"Love is when Looking at a glance at you" - Seema Gupta
"A real businessman value his partners like friends and his partnership like friendship." - Amit Kalantri
"Divine love"" - Seema Gupta
"There are Atheists in foxholes" - Edwin Kagin
"Revealing of origin , evidence the existence of hidden pearls in mind which is addicted to imagine and thought as well." - Seema Gupta
"Finishing a good book is like leaving a good friend" - William Feather
"There are people you wont miss, but wont forget either. Those people are unique" - Ishak Zaaimia
"Her skin hummed with anticipation of Jaxon’s touch. She squeezed her thighs as her womb clenched. This could all go brilliantly or it could all go to hell." - Senayda Pierre
"Of all the gifts you can get, friends and family are the best!" - Jan Britland
"But friendship meant you at least planted the seed for them, love meant allowing them the ability to weed their own garden until it was something healthy and thriving, blooming and bright and smelling of heather and tiger lilies." - Shannon Noelle Long
"Your best friends should bring out the best in you. If they don't, lose them; they are no friends." - Ziad K. Abdelnour
"Harry loves slimy things, hairy things, and creepy things. Harry loves anything horrible. I know -- I'm his best friend Doug." - Suzy Kline
"Friendship isn't about becoming somebody else perfect person. It is about finding someone who helps you become the best person you can be." - John
"Don’t waste your time trying to explain yourself to people that are committed to misunderstanding you. Instead, commit your time to explaining who they are to them. When you get a person to see the positive similarities you share, it begins to restore the loss of respect between you." - Shannon L. Alder
"I laugh, and it’s laughter, not light, that casts out the darkness building within me, that reminds me I am still alive, even in this strange place where" - Veronica Roth
"Neither a fake friend nor a liar can be trusted, with a secret." - Ellen J. Barrier
"Watch out! Someone taught me that I should watch the people in my boat; some may be rolling the boat while others may be drilling holes under it! So, am determined to watch my circle!" - Israelmore Ayivor
"Empathy and a huge imagination explain a lot of mysteries in the universe." - Shannon L. Alder
"You're going to come across some truly gifted people in your lifetime that seem to know all the answers. However, they lost their personal relationship with God, along the way. Love them anyways, and do everything you can to help them restore that relationship. They are fighting a war that you don't know anything about." - Shannon L. Alder
"Oh come" - Robyn Schneider
"You're funny.' Phoebe passed me the last chocolate cupcake. 'And I always thought your friends were laughing over their own farts.'" - Robyn Schneider
"Two kinds of people have many friends, one with bank balance and other with boldness." - Amit Kalantri
"What do we do know?(Peeta)" - Suzanne Collins Hunger Games Movie
"Friend of everyone is friend of none." - Miit Anmol
"I didn't expect to love being online as much as I do. I've met some wonderful people and discovered that however arcane some of my interests that there are people out there who are interested too." - Sara Sheridan
"Never believe a friend who offered you his friendship just because he was getting bored." - Amit Kalantri
"Some people say beware of enemies. Some say beware of friends and some say beware of frenemies, but the most dangerous people are those that will hurt you and still play the victim." - Uzoma Nnadi
"Friendship is a special kind of love. More than endless, more than true. When friends parted ways no matter the distance, expect them to keep coming back to you." - John K.
"Best fabulous flamingo friends forever." - Aisha Cat
"What criterion ought one to adopt to judge one's fellows? After all, there was not a single person he knew who might not, in certain circumstances, prove capable of a shameful action." - Marcel Proust
"You were spying on me?" I repeated, this time my tone was stern." - Grace Fiorre
"The main reason why your company can easily influence you is because "emotion and attitude are stronger than knowledge". What you see can overcome what you know. You can easily damp away what you already know when you are faced with the reality of what your senses tell you to do!" - Israelmore Ayivor
"The curve of my waist in a tight fitting summer dress can really make me new friends." - Sara Sheridan
"the world feel empty without a best friend .true friends no doubt are rare in this world" - nimra
"If it's painful for you to criticize your friends, you're safe in doing it; if you take the slightest pleasure in it, that's the time to hold your tongue." - Alice Duer Miller
"So no one told your life was" - The Rembrandts
"Often, the best stories aren't when someone pulls one 180-degree turn, but when someone pulls 180 one-degree turns: the stories when someone experiences a slow and, at times, indistinguishable evolution; the stories where a million tiny steps produce something so brilliant; the stories where perseverance and struggle go hand in hand." - Josh James Riebock
" 'I'm not that easy to get rid of,' Andre retorts. 'As you know well. What state are you in? Besides confusion.' " - Lynn Kelling
" 'Are we done? You can avoid us all again and we'll keep talking about you behind your back.' " - Lynn Kelling
"Now-people” are winners; they say “now” and they do it now! That’s the spirit we need, my friends. If you have the goals and the environment is clear enough, go ahead and do it now!" - Israelmore Ayivor
"As we were told about others, so others will be told about us. that is "HISTORY". and the most painfull thing about it is that, it does not repeat itself. it comes onece in life and never again." - hamzat haruna ribah
"- С новыми друзьями... часто чувствуешь себя лучше, чем со старыми." - F. Scott Fitzgerald
"The friend that always finds time to spend with you without consulting his or her calendar is a true friend." - Ellen J. Barrier
"Some friends are like sunny days, with false flames, oozing from afar, coming near without a dime." - Michael Bassey Johnson
"You try hard, but you don't succeed.. So you try harder, and harder... But you still just don't succeed, you give it a try once more; only realising its never going to work out the way you want it to. But then again, you remember; you've tried so much. You've tried to please, you've tried to love and you've tried to care. You think to yourself, "Why should I keep on going?" You try so hard, what's the point.. No one accepts you for who you are, no one sees you for who you are, no one takes the time to ask how you feel, no one takes the time to bother.. But then there's you... You try, and try. And you just give up hope, because its just so much easier!" - Liam McGrath
"George, I’m sorry!” he cried through his tears. “I’m sorry, I’m sorry, please, I’m suh-suh-SORRY—” And then they were around him, his friends, and no one lit a match, and someone held him, he didn’t know who, Beverly maybe, or maybe Ben, or Richie. They were with him, and for that little while the darkness was kind." - Stephen King
"True friends are placed together for the purpose of accomplishing great achievements that help others." - Ellen J. Barrier
"People who are all alone have every right to be friends with one another." - Shirley Jackson
"I can't wait for that one girl to come in and kick your feet from under you. You think you have things organized, sorted. [...] When that one girl comes along, I'm going to say I told you so, and give you no bloody sympathy when you've turned into a lovesick strop." - Christina Lauren
"My friends, life is so serious that if you are not aware of whom you are, your "youniversity" will be prestigious but unknown!" - Israelmore Ayivor
"Who do you want to surround yourself with? People who can pull you up to their level of greatness? Or people who will happily pull you down to theirs?" - Dan Pearce
"He waited a moment, as they walked side by side through the camp, and then asked, 'Sir, if there's something we can't handle how do we handle it anyway?' She either grunted or laughed from the same place that grunts came from. 'Sawtooth wedges and keep going, Beak. Throw back whatever is thrown at us. Keep going, until. . .' 'Until what?' 'It's all right, Beak, to die alongside your comrades. It's all right. Do you understand me?' 'Yes sir, I do. It is all right, because they're my friends.' 'That's right, Beak." - Steven Erikson
"I am not stopping till my enemies become my friends." - Amit Kalantri
"Before someone will get the guts to monitor your life, he must get the keyboard of humility. To be a humble person, is a priority in leadership!" - Israelmore Ayivor
"For my success I am immensely grateful to God, my parents, my family, my friends, my teachers and to the books I read." - Amit Kalantri
"Never leave your life plan to be determined by people who are not going where you are going. For the sake of your dreams and also for the sake of the people God created to benefit from your God-give talents, stay away from toxic people. Mount the shoulder giants and see farther ahead!" - Israelmore Ayivor
"Hey, Melissa-is there anything I should know about having this kid that isn't in the books I've been reading?"" - Kim Bongiorno
"I don't have time is the worst possible excuse for I'd rather be doing something else. You MAKE time! Whether it be family, friends or an activity, like reading it's all in what you WANT to do. The heartbreaking moment is when you have extended time & devotion sometimes years with someone you knew to be worthy who can return it & they CHOOSE not to." - Gypsie M. Holley
"Keep it calm and watch the company you keep. It's either a red card or a green card you are holding. One guides you to go on, and the other makes you give up on scoring your goals" - Israelmore Ayivor
"We are given these niches, small worlds of our own populated by only a handful, where we feel understood. Our bubble worlds bump into innumerable others daily, but there is so little cause to allow their integrity to be breached." - Thomm Quackenbush
"You’d be hard-pressed to find an old person who would trade in a true friend for any amount of popularity or fame. You'd also be hard-pressed to find a young person who wouldn't." - Dan Pearce
"Most people don't have real friends. You have people in your life waiting for opportunities to see what YOU can do for them." - Brandi L. Bates
"There are friends, but they are people to spend time with, not people to share time with. There's a false beast that takes the form of instinct and harps on the pointlessness of everything that happens." - David Levithan
"Pure gold does not rust. Only gold alloys do so. You may have golden dreams. But if you go in the company of toxic people, your become "a gold alloy" and what that means is that you can rust at any time!" - Israelmore Ayivor
"It really hurts when I see two good friends are" - Pawan Mehra
"Always remember...the stronger your position in life, the more enemies you're gonna have .. while friends come and go." - Ziad K. Abdelnour
"Your iPod is whispering in your ear. It was keeping you company, but now it's like a good friend turned bad [...] It is turning your life into a dark, looping rock opera." - Meg Jay
"Keep negative people long meters away from you; their presence is a threat to your high self-esteem! Job, the man of God kept his wife afar before he could make it again!" - Israelmore Ayivor
"The major factor that makes a great leader to fail emerge from the decision of people who surround him/her." - Israelmore Ayivor
"..., and sometimes there's just no point in arguing with him. "Yeah, okay 'me, Jeff, and Evan, sitting in a tree...'"" - Kate Sherwood
"The three of you were pretty cute last night, with all that touchy-feely crap."" - Kate Sherwood
"my phone beeped. I took it from my handbag and saw" - j d nixon
"Half of the time, the Holy Ghost tries to warn us about certain people that come into our life. The other half of the time he tries to tell us that the sick feeling we get in a situation is not the other person’s fault, rather it is our own hang-ups. A life filled with bias, hatred, judgment, insecurity, fear, delusion and self-righteousness can cloud the soul of anyone you meet. Our job is never to assume,instead it is to listen, communicate, ask questions then ask more, until we know the true depth of someone’s spirit." - Shannon L. Alder
"Having a friend made everything else suck less." - Laurie Halse Anderson
"When things are like hunky dory, every enemy comes in the name of friend, but when things are twisted like turmoil, every friendly enemy shows you their colour." - Michael Bassey Johnson
"I do not need any friends. I prefer enemies. They are better company and their feelings towards you are always genuine." - Dylan Thomas
"One fake friend can do more harm than 10 enemies... Be smart choosing your friends." - Ziad K. Abdelnour
"You have three types of friends in life: Friends for a reason, friends for a season, and friends for a lifetime." - Ziad K. Abdelnour
"It doesn’t matter where you’re at, when you’re with people you love, you’re where you belong." - Courtney Carola
"When Albert Einstein told you to hide your source, he wasn't giving you a deliberate advice to conceal the root in which you're growing, but was to conceal the root from the eyes of people that will dare to uproot it." - Michael Bassey Johnson
"The more we love, the more it hurts, and the more we have to let go." - Mary E. DeMuth
"Sylph and Jodi return to my side, each carrying a cloth sack full of chickweed. I wrap my arm around Sylph's waist and give her a quick squeeze. "Lesson's over for today. I have something to discuss with Logan."" - C.J. Redwine
"Never test your friends, You will be ashamed or disappointed." - Miit Anmol
"If a friend starts behaving silly because you bother him so much, don't worry, you're not the first person, he has got a sting in his stomach, an hunger that causes an epidemic hatred." - Michael Bassey Johnson
"You’ve kidnapped my friend. Sucked her brain out! Not that she had much to begin with, but—" - Lili St. Crow
"Who knows you more...your friend or your enemy? It's your enemy that pursues with passion while your friend engages at leisure." - Donna Lynn Hope
"I don't care how happily married you are or how deeply enmeshed you are with your children and family and career -- every woman needs a couple of chicks who'll break out the sangria just because you need to vent." - Jen Lancaster
"Make life about more than just you. Take the world around you and transform it for the sake of others. Do a good deed for your neighbor; smile at strangers; volunteer for a bigger purpose and don’t except anything in return. The first step of redemption is digging yourself out of the hole you dug around yourself and dedicating your time to others. When the world stops revolving around your comfort zone and draws in the needs of others, you may quickly break the chains that hold you down from reaching your ultimate goal." - Leigh Hershkovich
"The life and friends are two connected things. As life is one we get friends for once too. There could be so many things between friends sometime we get angry on. But If you don't solve and remain angry then that will be your big mistake and it could be just because of your ego. One side can take step to solve it but your ego (that is not fully ego but a kind of ego for that you think you were right at that moment and another one should take step first to feel apologize) never let you to do so. You should be apologize to be a good friend. Now you may think why to apologize if another one doesn't care at all. Then whats the difference between you and that one. You may leave it by thinking you dont need or you may proceed to solve it. It shouldn't be difficult to apologize with friends." - Pawan Mehra
"Solo me queda decir que amo a esta mujer más que a mi vida, y pase lo que pase, haga lo que haga nunca voy a dejar de amarla. Ella fue, es y siempre será el amor de mi vida." - Lolo Mayaya
"The life and friends are two connected things.. As life is one we get friends for once too... there could be so many things between friends sometime we get angry on. But If you don't solve and remain angry then that will be your big mistake and it could be just because of your ego. One side can take step to solve it but your ego (that is not fully ego but a kind of ego for that you think you were right at that moment and another one should take step first to feel apologize) never let you to do so. You should be apologize to be a good friend......" - Pawan Mehra
"Don't compete with your friends to win a date with few beautiful girls, but compete to win few beautiful goals." - Amit Kalantri
"They all went indoors with their new friends, and found rooms so small as none but those who invite from the heart could think capable of accommodating so many." - Jane Austen
"As I look back over my mountains of growth and compare them to the molehills where I stagnated, community often made the difference." - Mary E. DeMuth
"Keep your friends close, enemies closer. Takes little effort to drive a sharp knife through their hearts when they outlive their uselessness!" - Akuku Mach Pep
"...every "Good Bye" said by a true friend, shall always be followed by "Hello" and every happy end shall always be a beginning of something New and Wonderful!" - Galina Nelson
"If the wealth you've accumulated is in the form of friends, family and books, then you're doing life right." - Saleem Sharma
"A celebrity starts being a cele-crazy when he's seen often, he's just like the ordinary man in the streets. Without much ado to shout his name, i go my way." - Michael Bassey Johnson
"Don't make anybody Use you,be smart , else Dont curse them when they chew u out and throw you,they were smart not you" - Akshay
"A man who looks like Frodo just spent $150 on erotica books and asked for my phone number. I considered giving him yours just to spite you." - Syrie James
"I do not go to the reunions though because it make me feel old" - Dr Jenan Alatrakchi by Aleksandr Orlov A Simples Life
"I am not stopping till my critics become my fans." - Amit Kalantri
"What softened your heart?" I asked softly." - Amy Harmon
"There are literally billions of people on earth. There are some that won’t admit it, but all of those people want friends." - Daniel Willey
"Life is hard and unfair. It is cruel and heartless, painful, trying, disappointing, unapologetic, and frequently downright awful. But that's not important. What's important is that through it all you learn how much you need your Heavenly Father and how much your friends need you." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"[Robert's eulogy at his brother, Ebon C. Ingersoll's grave. Even the great orator Robert Ingersoll was choked up with tears at the memory of his beloved brother]" - Robert G. Ingersoll
"Our lives are filled with meeting wonderful people. Make sure those that have become a part of your life hear your words of appreciation." - Ace Antonio Hall
"Enemies are the people who think about you more than your friends do." - Donna Lynn Hope
"I've discovered a way to stay friends forever -" - Shel Silverstein
"When you choose your life, ignore people, when you make it in life, remember some friends, when you sing a song, praise your source, when predicaments arises, stand your ground." - Michael Bassey Johnson
"Don't risk your life for those that doesn't love your life, lest you end up in regrets if not death." - Michael Bassey Johnson
"Remembering that only a few years ago men, women, and even children, were imprisoned, tortured and burned, for having expressed in an exceedingly mild and gentle way, the ideas entertained by me, I congratulate myself that calumny is now the pulpit's last resort. The old instruments of torture are kept only to gratify curiosity; the chains are rusting away, and the demolition of time has allowed even the dungeons of the Inquisition to be visited by light. The church, impotent and malicious, regrets, not the abuse, but the loss of her power, and seeks to hold by falsehood what she gained by cruelty and force, by fire and fear. Christianity cannot live in peace with any other form of faith. If that religion be true, there is but one savior, one inspired book, and but one little narrow grass-grown path that leads to heaven. Such a religion is necessarily uncompromising, unreasoning, aggressive and insolent. Christianity has held all other creeds and forms in infinite contempt, divided the world into enemies and friends, and verified the awful declaration of its founder—a declaration that wet with blood the sword he came to bring, and made the horizon of a thousand years lurid with the fagots' flames." - Robert G. Ingersoll
"Best friend is like a pen and we're the paper. We'll not complete without their ink" - Lucy 'Aisy
"God gives us relatives; thank God, we can choose our friends." - Addison Mizner
"Heroes don't have friends, they have fans." - Amit Kalantri
"Friendship is a beautiful blessing. You may love your friends and they may love you, but that doesn’t mean they should have unexamined influence in all areas of your life." - Steve Maraboli
"Irony of "importance": Those who deserve, don't get it; Those who don't, get it in abundance by you." - Shivam Singh
"Halls are full of strangers, even when you recognize the faces." - Jayme K.
"Don't drive a car in the dream, else you won't drive it on earth. Don't wish to become, else you won't become. Don't associate with fools, else your ancestors will be insulted. Don't be addicted to wine, else your pocket will be empty. Don't be drunk, else you'll be attacked." - Michael Bassey Johnson
"Your impact on the lives of others--your family, the people at your church, your workmates--is cultivated with each decision you make, no matter how small." - Jim George
"Often we see detox as a solitary pursuit, something we have to muscle up for and go it alone. But the truth is that it will be easier and healthier if you find a way to integrate your friends and family into the experience." - Woodson Merrell
"Thoughts turn to other's just a little more this time of year. Days grow shorter and memories grow longer. Families and friends gather in celebration or hope. Giving is a reflection of our love and caring for each other and those less fortunate. May your thoughts turn to gratitude this holiday season and carry on throughout the next year…" - James A. Murphy
"I prefer friends who walks with me in the shade - because friends, who constantly splendor in the glow of the flash of photographers, and sometimes accompany me - at every turn in times of success, this species of friends are suspect to me." - sir Kristian Goldmund Aumann
"One of the greatest gifts to give our friends and others is a prayer." - Ellen J. Barrier
"Seeing him jogging at the park had cracked the window so I could peek into his soul. Seeing him with his friends threw the window wide open." - Jennifer Echols
"The other day, a friend of a friend said that everyone started out as girls, but boys evolved… But don’t worry girls, I hit him." - Ben Mitchell
"Go to the cops then!” I shout. “But mind if I ask what you plan on telling them? Because saying two dead teenagers came to you in the middle of the night and told you something or someone is going to kill you is only going to get you locked in a cozy, padded cell." - Rebecca Harris
"People you don't like are pigheaded. Your friends are stubborn, or hold to their purpose.~Victor Radcliff" - Harry Turtledove
"Nhiều khi trong một hoàn cảnh nào đó, sự im lặng là rất cần thiết. Im lặng nhưng không cô đơn." - Nguyễn Trí Công
"When we see a lonely fisherman, we ask where the boat is; when we see a lonely boat, we ask where the fisherman is! We love to see the good friends always together!" - Mehmet Murat ildan
"What is a man but another man's memory" - Addison Killebrew
"Enemies can also be friends." - Wendy Zhang
"As you grow older, you realize it becomes less important to have more friends and more important to have real ones." - Ziad K. Abdelnour
"Having a relationship with people of questionable character is like playing with a razor blade on your skin, and pretending to observe that it is harmful to your body." - Michael Bassey Johnson
"Everybody isn't your friend. Just because they hang around you and laugh with you doesn't mean they're for you. Just because they say they got got your back, doesn't mean they won't stab you in it. People pretend well. Jealousy sometimes doesn't live far. So know your circle. At the end of the day real situations expose fake people so pay attention." - Trent Shelton
"One word can end a fight; One hug can start a friendship; One smile can bring Unity; One person can change your entire life!" - Israelmore Ayivor
"It's not your enemies who are likeliest to hurt you. It is, always, those you trust." - Rachel Caine
"That's the problem with winning right from the start, thought Ender. you lose friends." - Orson Scott Card
"Some nights, we were a city of two." - Jerry Spinelli
"God doesn’t put that much prep into something that is insignificant." - Shannon L. Alder
"But I know I didn't love school for school's sake. I had never really been what people call an 'academic' person, nor did I see myself becoming one. Instead, I took pleasure in the fact that my work existed in a social setting, one that was based on the promise of a brighter future. I knew that what I adored about school was that each of my assignments - readings, essays, or in-class presentations - was inseparable from my relationships [...] If I loved school at all, I loved it for what it provided me access to: bonds with people I grew to cherish. And nothing was better than working toward my dreams alongside people I loved who were doing the same." - Liz Murray
"Especially as I was an old friend, or at least I was a person she had known for a long time, which after a certain point is almost the same thing..." - Julian Fellowes
"Wherever you go in the next" - Roman Payne
"Isn't friendship amazing? At one time, our friends were just strangers to us. However, there was something special about these strangers; you felt a connection, something in common, a special bond, and your friendship began. What if, as we pass all of the ‘strangers’ in our lives, if we looked at these strangers as if they could be a friend? What a different world it would be…." - James A. Murphy
"My mother raised her eyebrow, and murmured, “And to think I was always worried that you didn’t have any friends. I suppose I should have been counting my blessings." - Patricia Briggs
"I tell myself I’m fine on my own, but am I? No friends to fall back on, no relationships, no support. Left to my own devices, I have no devices." - Jael McHenry
"Books make the best ersatz friendships." - Nenia Campbell
"—Por supuesto, Barramar. Te lo prometo. Somos una manada, ¿recuerdas?" - Jordi Balaguer
"Friendship is genuine when two friends can enjoy each others company without speaking a word to one another." - George Ebers
"Maybe I just didn’t want it to be Benny because he really loves her, and if I was wrong about that, it’d be depressing. Who wants to be depressed?" - J.D. Robb
"There were friends all over London who would welcome his eagerly to their homes, who would throw open their guest rooms and their fridges, eager to condole and to help. The price of all of those comfortable beds and home-cooked meals, however, would be to sit at kitchen tables, once the clean-pajamaed children were in bed, and relive the filthy final battle with Charlotte, submitting to the outraged sympathy and pity of his friends' girlfriends and wives. To this he preferred grim solitude, a Pot Noodle and a sleeping bag." - Robert Galbraith
"I never said you were my friend. I just didn't have the guts to tell you to leave." - Kris Harte
"fans are just friends and family I haven't met... or wrote about yet" - Janna Hill
"Remember, Little Ones, everything is not important all the time. Only living is important all the time. Not things. Not money. Not more things and more endless money. Spend well the quality of your time. And yes, be greedy with your hours. If only to then give those hours away as the most precious gifts you have to offer to yourself, your family, and your friends. And yes, to my Little Ones.” –From The Legacy Letters–“The Everything and Nothing of Money." - Carew Papritz
"She gave thanks for the grace that pours down when you least expect it-and wasn't that just another name for love?" - Elaine Hussey
"When success is uniform, the celebration becomes universal. Of which use is it to you to rejoice at the time your friend cries?" - Israelmore Ayivor
"I don’t want to believe in boxes or one-way relationships; I’m naïve, you see. I’d rather moon the moon than flip off a friend, but sometimes I flip so I don’t get flipped. And I still think I’m misunderstanding the Golden Rule." - Chila Woychik
"Community, community, community. It's ALL about community. That's the explanation of why it pains us when we find ourselves isolated from others. That's the reason why it hurts to say good-bye to those we love........ Nothing you purchase can replace community with your friends, family or God. No position at work can fill the void. Wealth can't take its place, and fame won't make any difference." - Chris Coppernoll
"I speak, I speak, and truth at that. Writers are a curious breed: brooding, fickle, alternately loving and hating their work—and each other. You’re my friend? Don’t pick up that pen!" - Chila Woychik
"Friends; the more, the less!" - Raheel Farooq
"The second best thing after a gift itself is the way of giving it" - Ali Boussi
"Sigo pensando que hubiera sido mejor ser un niño para toda la vida, sin ninguna preocupación, sin ninguna obligación, sin el latente deseo de querer ser tan igual pero muy distinto de los demás. La confusión al crecer no disminuye porque sepas más cosas, sino más bien aumenta por saber demasiado." - Luis F. López Silva
"I feel like Amy wanted people to believe she really was perfect. And as we got to be friends, I got to know her. And she wasn't perfect. You know? She was brilliant and charming and all that, but she was also controlling and OCD and a drama queen and a bit of a liar. Which was fine by me. It just wasn't fine by her. She got rid of me because I knew she wasn't perfect." - Gillian Flynn
"I may not be happy with you right now, but I still love you." - Janet Gurtler
"There are so many battles worth fighting for. The ones not worth fighting are the insecure battles that rage in another person’s mind." - Shannon L. Alder
"And then there's that person that no matter what, they'll answer your call at 4 am. Your 4am-er. They'll say exactly what you need to hear to bring you back to earth. Your comfort, your voice of reason, your hit upside the head. And he'll always be my 4 am-er." - Hope Alcocer
"Best friends are forever. That's why they're called BFFs." - Lauren Conrad
"You'll continue to be a bitch no matter what, but I'm glad you aren't a callous, self-absorbed one." - Genna Rulon
"I think this is one bad side of a mirror; it helps us to see the reflection of the effects of our own actions on ourselves. We smile and it smiles back to us, we frown and it frowns to us. How I wish it shows us the reflections of the effects of our actions on other people as well so that we will be conscious!" - Israelmore Ayivor
"If growing up means not seeing one’s family and friends on the regular—all in the name of paying the bills, then growing up is overrated." - Mokokoma Mokhonoana
"Once in a rare lifetime have you ever been in a roomful of people who only helped you when you looked at them, listened to them. this was one of those magic times. I knew it." - Charles Bukowski
"To gain height, lose all your tall friends." - Mokokoma Mokhonoana
"The evening makes me think Facebook is a blessing and a curse. Sure, it helps us keep track of people with whom we otherwise would have fallen out of touch. But sometimes relationships fade for a reason. They're better left a memory." - Rachel Bertsche
"After our loved one dies: we cry, not because they left; but because they left us." - Mokokoma Mokhonoana
"Because while we all Facebook stalk, protocol is to not admit it. I might know, from status update, that a potential best friend swims laps every mornings, but it'd be creep to say "Don't worry about eating that doughnut, you deserve it after all those calories you burn!" Instead, I check out her profile and she reviews mine, but then we meet and pretend to know nothing." - Rachel Bertsche
"You can be the ugliest man in the world but once you got money, you can have all the women in the world." - Jonathan Anthony Burkett
"It is a truism but it is still true that the longer one knows people the less relevant it becomes whether or not one liked them initially." - Julian Fellowes
"Friends are forever but life is full of disapointments" - Trinity J. Eidsness
"Hanging around people you’re smarter than is good for your ego. Hanging around people who are smarter than you is good for your intellect." - Mokokoma Mokhonoana
"Judge not the value of a friend by the number of boy- or girlfriends they helped you get. But by the number of books they’ve recommended to you." - Mokokoma Mokhonoana
"The strange thing is, this truly horrifying experience planted a seed deep within my heart that germinated and grew into a desire that, I have to admit, I've never completely overcome." - Kathi Daley
"The older you get, the easier it is for you to distinguish between your friends and people you are not seeing for the first time." - Mokokoma Mokhonoana
"Your friends love you for who you are. Your family loves you for what you are." - Mokokoma Mokhonoana
"The word in your mouth is anarchy." - Henry Miller
"Interesting people aren't interesting because of what they always say; the most interesting people are the ones that always listen!" - Martin R. Lemieux
"Your friends and enemies are defined the moment you come to this world." - M.F. Moonzajer
"You are the most beautiful woman I have ever seen, so it would be my honor to take you out. I understand if you have someone else in mind for such occasions, but I promise you, I would merely like a chance to get to know you, maybe make a friend." - Lindsay Chamberlin
"You have to go for it. For the rest of us." - Cathy Hopkins
"Friends are family members we have a choice over." - Mokokoma Mokhonoana
"A present is not the source of buying someone's love but its a source of showing how much u love and apriciate that particular person" - Ralph Ramovha
"For a ten-year-old boy and a ten-year-old girl to become good friends was not easy under any circumstances. Indeed, it might be one of the most difficult accomplishments in the world." - Haruki Murakami
"A true friend has a habit of talking behind your back good things about you." - Tareq ragheb
"Being in love with your best friend is problematic." - J.M.  Richards
"As much as I cared about him, I wasn’t a slave to fate. I could choose to ignore my feelings, strong as they were. It would be painful, but no more so than letting myself pine for my friend." - J.M.  Richards
"Like a surgeon, friends cut you in order to heal you." - Timothy Keller
"My old friend, what are you looking for?" - George Seferis
"You shouldn’t have to pretend to be as excited as I am just to make me happy. If it comes to that, you shouldn’t have to pretend to be anything around me. Friends should be real with each other" - J.M.  Richards
"Spread your courtesy across the door posts of everyone you know, but reserve your intimacy with the little trustworthy friends who are going where you are going. Get it simply: wide courtesy, narrow intimacy!" - Israelmore Ayivor
"I got through it, and I wore it like a badge of honor—I Can Be Alone and it's Okay." - J.M.  Richards
"One way to tell if you're really comfortable with a person is if you can be quiet together sometimes and not feel awkward. If you don't feel obligated to say something brilliant or funny or surprising or cool. You can just be together. You can just" - Phyllis Reynolds Naylor
"Promise me this, that you'll stand by me forever. But if God forbid Fate should step in and force us into a goodbye. If you have children someday, when they point to the pictures please tell them my name. Tell them how the crowd went wild, tell them how I hope they shine." - Taylor Swift
"I Can Be Alone and it's Okay." - J.M.  Richards
"I know he’s a realist, he’s okay with being alone, and he helps people when he thinks no one is watching." - J.M.  Richards
"To hear how great your friends think you are: fake your death, or, get married." - Mokokoma Mokhonoana
"I suppose that means you don’t want any band-aids, either,” I said, a touch more bitterly than I’d meant to." - J.M.  Richards
"When the moment shifts, and you realize you don't actually want to be alone, that underneath the bravado is an ache that won’t quite fade away, you’re not only aware of how lonely you are, but how much you've been lying to yourself." - J.M.  Richards
"You know you do not understand yourself if everyone seems to understand you." - Moffat Machingura
"I had always thought that I was fine with being alone. Halfway through high school, I moved from Brazil to America, and it took me forever to make friends. I had culture shock of virtually every kind, besides which I was awkward, geeky, and shy. So I ate alone, telling myself that it was fine while I watched other people have normal conversations with their friends." - J.M.  Richards
"Well, if you can accept that I’m a great big geeky fangirl, then I guess I can accept that you’re a skeptic and a realist." - J.M.  Richards
"Keep your friends close, your enemies closer, and the junk food as far away as possble." - Krista Scott-Dixon
"In his early days at University, he'd been too green to realize winning debates, even private ones, would lose him friends." - T. Baggins
"If he can’t handle it, then you aren’t very good friends, are you?" - J.M.  Richards
"Last Resort friends are for getting from, not giving to." - J.M.  Richards
"Walk with the dreamers, the believers, the courageous, the cheerful, the planners, the doers, the successful,people with their heads in the clouds and their feet on the ground." - Wilfred Peterson
"It was nice. Even in high school, I’d mostly had makeshift friends forged by the shared status of outcast. It was rare for me to discuss things so easily to someone outside of my family, but somehow Jill got me." - J.M.  Richards
"He(Samuel, known as 'the Pea') was as apprehensive, weak and nervous about things as Swaminathan was. The bond between them was laughter. They were able to see together the same absurdities and incongruities in things. The most trivial and unnoticeable thing to others would tickle them to death." - R.K. Narayan
"For rock solid friendship, never lie to your friends." - Saru Singhal
"When I arrived back at Intro to Basic Art again later that week, I thought for a moment we had a new student who didn’t know about the assigned seats. Sitting at my table was a girl in a long flowered dress, very vintage-hippie. She actually was wearing real flowers in her hair, and hardly any make up. I sat down, ready to explain to this poor lost soul that the seat was already taken, when I looked again and realized it was the same girl. I ended up not saying anything at all; I couldn’t think of anything that wouldn’t be rude or just plain stupid." - J.M.  Richards
"I bundled in my own blanket and reflected on the strange and somewhat unexpected friendship that was slowly developing between Davin and myself. It was clear to me that he needed a friend, but for reasons unknown to me, thought that it was better for him to be alone." - J.M.  Richards
"it takes a village to build success in publishing a book - it takes friends that are willing to help - it takes hours upon hours of no's to get to a yes, it takes many twists and turns with seemingly no end to the detours, it takes courage to face the unknowns - it takes and it takes and it takes - But then, like a flower opening its blossom - it gives........." - Rich Okun
"Acquaintances are always abundant; friends are always scarce!" - Mehmet Murat ildan
"You don’t have to sleep with guys,” I whispered, “to make them like you." - Janet Gurtler
"You can love them, forgive them, want good things for them…but still move on without them." - Mandy Hale
"It makes no sense to try to extend a friendship that was only meant to be a season into a lifetime." - Mandy Hale
"It is necessary, and even vital, to set standards for your life and the people you allow in it." - Mandy Hale
"Toxic people will pollute everything around them. Don’t hesitate. Fumigate." - Mandy Hale
"If there is a particular person in your life that is repeatedly choosing not to honor you and is causing you more sadness or pain than they are joy - it might be time to release that friendship back to God and trust that it is not where you belong." - Mandy Hale
"It's a lot harder to get someone OUT of your life than it is to let them IN, so please…be selective." - Mandy Hale
"Stop inviting people who don't celebrate you to your party! It's YOUR life - you have the right to be exclusive." - Mandy Hale
"Our friends have a way of reminding us of how fabulous we are when the rest of the world has forgotten." - Mandy Hale
"This is the most profound spiritual truth I know: that even when we're most sure that love can't conquer all, it seems to anyway. It goes down into the rat hole with us, in the guise of our friends, and there it swells and comforts. It gives us second winds, third winds, hundredth winds." - Anne Lamott
"A good friend will help you to discover the potentials you haven't uncovered. A bad friend will help you to cover up the potentials you have already recovered. Make your choice!" - Israelmore Ayivor
"The attitude you pose is greatly influenced by the links of friendships you bookmark. Good friends, good attitudes; best friends, best attitudes. Guess what for toxic friends...!" - Israelmore Ayivor
"True compassion does not sit on the laps of renovation; it dives with an approach to reconstruction. Don't throw a coin at a begger. Rather, destroy his source of poverty." - Israelmore Ayivor
"When I met Millie, she was a hugger. She hugged over everything. I didn’t. We came to an agreement that hugs are reserved for prolonged partings and death. That’s it. At least, I thought that was our agreement. It seems like she’s figured out how to steal hugs more frequently. Millie’s turned into a hit and run hugger." - H.M. Ward
"Men come and go, but best friends are irreplaceable." - C.M. Stunich
"They were not my friends, after all. They were just the people I went to school with." - Neil Gaiman
"I would sooner lose my best friend than my worst enemy. To have friends, you know, one need only be good-natured; but when a man has no enemy left there must be something mean about him." - Oscar Wilde
"Do you know, Mrs. Allan, I'm thankful for friendship. It beautifies life so much." "True friendship is a very helpful thing indeed," said Mrs. Allan, "and we should have a very high ideal of it , and never sully it by any failure in truth and sincerity. I fear the name of friendship is often degraded to a kind of intimacy that had nothing of real friendship in it." - L.M. Montgomery
"Best (male-female) friends hardly differ from lovers, but not too many lovers are best friends." - Olaotan Fawehinmi
"As special as it is to listen to your friends argue over whether or not you have a mental illness,I'm starting to get the urge to go back to class." - Kendare Blake
"A male-female close-friendship hardly differs from a relationship; it takes "relating" to be friends. But sadly, not every relationship has friendship in it. It's just ironical that two people who are not good enough to be best friends are in love and want to spend the rest of their lives together." - Olaotan Fawehinmi
"The library turned out to be a very pleasant place, but it was not the comfortable chairs, the huge wooden bookshelves, or the hush of people reading that made the three siblings feel so good as they walked into the room. It is useless for me to tell you all about the brass lamps in the shapes of different fish, or the bright blue curtains that rippled like water as a breeze came in from the window, because although these were wonderful things they were no what made the three children smile. The Quagmire triplets were smiling, too, and although I have not researched the Quagmires nearly as much as I have the Baudelaires, I can say with reasonable accuracy that they were smiling for the same reason." - Lemony Snicket
"For friends that always pick you up when you fall" - S.L. Jennings
"My family of friends has kept me alive through lovers who have left, enterprises that have failed, and all too many stories that never got finished. That family has been part of remaking the world for me." - Dorothy Allison
"Love yourself as you love your neighbour. If you love your neighbour with a heavy heart, love yourself too with a heavy heart." - Israelmore Ayivor
"It's harder to hate someone when they like the same ice cream as you." - Shannon Wiersbitzky
"Friend' is sometimes a word devoid of meaning; enemy, never." - Victor Hugo
"He's a unique dog, Mr. Bell had said. There is no other in the world that looks or acts just like him." - Martha McKiever
"Shane never knew how to address her friends' parents. She wanted to call her Mrs. Eliot's Mom, but knew that the cutesiness would not be appreciated. “Mrs. Kaspar” sounded too like a phone solicitor, which would not do after having kissed the circumference of her son's neck." - Thomm Quackenbush
"What kind of kids live in Mulhoney, Wisconsin? Would they like me? Would I like them? Have they ever eaten sushi? That's usually how I determine food sophistication. Maybe a personal ad would get the ball rolling:" - Joan Bauer
"What is the perfect peanut butter and jelly sandwich, exactly?” Tess asked, pursing her lips. Erin knew it was her attempt at making light of a heavy situation." - Jenny Lyn
"Margarita was never short of money. She could buy whatever she liked. Her husband had plenty of interesting friends. Margarita never had to cook. Margarita knew nothing of the horrors of living in a shared flat. In short... was she happy? Not for a moment." - Mikhail Bulgakov
"Love is the bee that carries the pollen from one heart to another." - Slash Coleman
"Why does everyone think a guy who prefers love to people is missing something in his life?" - Slash Coleman
"It was in their friendship they just wanted to run forever, shadow and shadow." - Ray Bradbury
"Over thinking ruins moods and kills good vibes." - Supa Nova Slom
"Friends don't get jealous of each other or begrudge the other for finding success. They celebrate every victory together." - Karen Kingsbury
"Friends with benefits? More than friends? Don't sample the goodies unless you're willing to risk addiction and withdrawal." - Ann Landers
"If your best friend truly is the person who knows you completely and loves you anyway, wouldn't that be your mother?" - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Friendship isn't partying with a group of people to get drunk or chatting with him/her once a week, it's exactly the opposite. Friends make sure you get home safely and they help you when you need it, no matter the scenario. They don't care about what clothes you wear or what you look like, and they don't last for a day. Real friends are more interested in what direction your life is headed rather than your popularity. They care about what you have to say and how you feel, and once you meet this person you'll know it without having to think twice." - Morgan Tang
"Tomorrow, smile at a perfect stranger and mean it." - John O'Callaghan
"I am part of everyone I ever dated on OK Cupid." - Slash Coleman
"All the faces on the photographs have changed," - Antimatter - ghosts
"The disciplined Christian will be very careful what sort of counsel he seeks from others. Counsel that contradicts the written Word is ungodly counsel. Blessed is the man that walketh not in that." - Elisabeth Elliot
"You can learn a lot from your lovers, but-for the most part-you get to keep your friends longer, and you learn more from them." - John Irving
"A photo frame with many pictures is the best present ever for a long trip. I can almost feel all those moments.." - W.
"He understood it when other kids were mean to him. It didn't bother him. He simply hated them. As long as he hated them, it didn't matter what they thought of him." - Louis Sachar
"Middle school is kind of like Middle-earth. It’s a magical journey filled with elves, dwarves, hobbits, queens, kings, and a few corrupt wizards. Word to the wise: pick your traveling companions well. Ones with the courage and moral fiber to persevere. Ones who wield their lip gloss like magic wands when confronted with danger. This way, when you pass through the congested hallways rife with pernicious diversion, you achieve your desired destination—or at least your next class." - Kimberly Dana
"Holding myself to perfectionistic standards, I used to think I had to become lifelong friends with everyone who entered my life. This was exhausting, and I now know it’s not true. I believe the old saying that people come into your life for a reason, a season, or a lifetime.” (127)" - Jenni Schaefer
"Lord, thank you for the people who care more about me than about their schedules." - Shirley Corder
"I hate it when people talk like friendship is less than other kinds of-as though it's some sort of runner-up prize for people who can't have sex. I had a boyfriend once, but I never liked being with him the way I like being with you." I held his gaze, refusing to falter or look away." You're one of the best friends I've ever had, Milo. And that is" - R.J. Anderson
"You like him, Rose. Why don't you just admit that, at least to me?" - Louise Rozett
"He makes no friends who never made a foe." - Alfred Tennyson
"She was always saying things like that but I let her be my best friend anyway." - Ellen Gilchrist
"It's never too late to stop believing a lie," said Thomas. "You need only courage and friends, and you have both." - Patrick Carman
"Thorn gazed back and forth between the two of us. "You could have left me behind, but you stayed. I won't forget that." - Patrick Carman
"And friends abroad must bear in mind" - A.E. Housman
"With Weasel and Arisa at his side, anything was possible. Anything." - Hilari Bell
"How very wonderful friends the moon, the sea and the night are!" - Mehmet Murat ildan
"His [Pitt's] successor as prime minister was Mr. Addington, who was a friend of Mr. Pitt, just as Mr. Pitt was a friend of Mr. Addington; but their respective friends were each other's enemies. Mr. Fox, who was Mr. Pitt's enemy (although many of his friends were Mr. Pitt's friends), had always stood uncompromisingly for peace with France and held dangerously liberal opinions; nevertheless, in 1804, Mr. Fox and Mr. Pitt got together to overthrow Mr. Pitt's friend Mr. Addington, who was pushing the war effort with insufficient vigor." - J. Christopher Herold
"Jimmy was in a league of his own when it came to puerile, half-pissed badinage." - Jamie Holoran
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
"We were all made with the potential to be the people we are supposed to be. We all have souls and we all have minds and we all have wills. Many people look at the world and see a beautiful place full of potential and love and beauty those are the people you want as friends. But many people look at the world and see a place that hurts, that causes pain, that destroys and corrupts. Those are the people you don't want to have as friends, for those are the people who will pull you down with them, who will fill your mind with similar thoughts, who will turn you from a positive person to a negative person. God made us all with the potential to be positive people, contributing to the growth of this world, but many people choose to be negative, diminishing the light of those who wish to do good.'" - Tom Walsh
"I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairy tale in the world." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"It is a friend's duty that he does not leave his friend in a difficult position but provide intimacy and support to him. In difficulty who leaves is a false and the one not quitting is a true friend." - Aacharya Shri Mahashraman
"The dictionary says my identity should be all about being separate or distinct, and yet it feels like it is so wrapped up in others." - Mary E. Pearson
"Want to know who I am?" - Micheal Tsarion via wordslessspoken
"It was around then that the phone rang. It was my friend Cee Cee, wanting to know if I cared to join her and Adam McTavish at the Coffee Clutch to drink iced tea and talk bad about everyone we know." - Meg Cabot
"Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely." - Steve Maraboli
"I hear he liked flowers pretty well."" - Kurt Vonnegut
"By surrounding yourself with people who are positive, caring, intelligent, loving, and open-minded, you create a personal environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. By surrounding yourself with the opposite, you create a personal environment that is conducive to the opposite. Choose accordingly." - Steve Maraboli
"Gregory?” I called. I couldn’t help myself. It was irrational, but I was scared to see him run from me. He turned my direction, his feet pivoting in the dirt. Warily, I crossed into the light for a moment." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them." - Violet Haberdasher
"The one general theme I took away from that first week with my new friends, was that everyone had their issues. Life in its simplest form is an attempt to deal with and avoid potential impediments. Some families take dysfunction to lofty heights while other break apart like Oreos mixed in a blender." - Phil Wohl
"None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery." - Charlotte Mason
"You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours." - Suzanne Brockmann
"I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends." - Jennifer Echols
"A friend who shares is a friend who cares." - American proverb.
"It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family." - Philip Green
"Why don’t we do the whole friends with benefits thing?” he asks seriously." - R.S. Burnett
"The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless." - Tahir Shah
"Don’t be too nice to him,” I teased. “He’ll never leave." - Juliet Blackwell
"Have you ever noticed that idiots have a lot of friends? It's just an observation." - Markus Zusak
"Love...who needed love? As long as she had her books and her friends and an occasional hookup, she was perfectly content." - Lauren Conrad
"... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"DETOX your mind, body, AND your contact list." - Supa Nova Slom
"Then there are the simple things. The way she fits against my side when we’re sitting together. How she can silence my addled thoughts with one look. The sound of my name from her lips. The way she can make a moment, any moment, a thousands times better when she is there. How the simplest pleasures in life become exciting with the promise of sharing the experience with her." - Erik Tomblin
"You know, just sit in the corner and glare at him the whole time. See if he crumbles." - Julie James
"If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them." - Shannon L. Alder
"When words can't make it better, hold my hand and don't let go." - Richelle E. Goodrich
"Ada ruang kosong di sela-sela sebuah kata. Ada banyak omong kosong di sela-sela bicara--tapi perlu. Adalah percakapan dengan teman yang selalu bisa menjaga kewarasan, menyelamatkanku dari jemu sempurna. Di tengah carut-marut fungsi mekanistik otomatik hampir robotik sebuah industri yang menyelubungi diri dengan judul keramah-tamahan manusia, ada teman-teman--manusia yang hidup dan dekat." - Nukila Amal
"The webs spun by our existence had gracefully overlapped and knotted until you could not have one without the other. We were infinitely intertwined." - Blakney Francis
<<<<<<< HEAD
"You know the world is going crazy when the best rapper is a white guy, the best golfer is a black guy, the tallest guy in the NBA is Chinese, the Swiss hold the America's Cup, France is accusing the U.S. of arrogance, Germany doesn't want to go to war, and the three most powerful men in America are named "Bush", "Dick", and "Colin." Need I say more?" - Chris Rock
"Well, don't expect us to be too impressed. We just saw Finnick Odair in his underwear." - Suzanne Collins
"Going to church doesn’t make you a Christian any more than going to a garage makes you an automobile." - Billy Sunday
"The planet is fine. The people are fucked." - George Carlin
"Never go to bed mad. Stay up and fight." - Phyllis Diller
"I did not attend his funeral, but I sent a nice letter saying I approved of it." - Mark Twain
"Accept who you are. Unless you're a serial killer." - Ellen DeGeneres
"What the hell is that?" I laughed." - John Green
"It's not true that I had nothing on. I had the radio on." - Marilyn Monroe
"Everyone should be able to do one card trick, tell two jokes, and recite three poems, in case they are ever trapped in an elevator." - Lemony Snicket
"They love their hair because they're not smart enough to love something more interesting." - John Green
"When life gives you lemons, squirt someone in the eye." - Cathy Guiswite
"Once you can accept the universe as matter expanding into nothing that is something, wearing stripes with plaid comes easy." - Einstein
"It's not because I want to make out with her."" - John Green
"If a book about failures doesn't sell, is it a success?" - Jerry Seinfeld
"I came from a real tough neighborhood. Once a guy pulled a knife on me. I knew he wasn't a professional, the knife had butter on it." - Rodney Dangerfield
"Don't be so humble - you are not that great." - Golda Meir
"Jesper knocked his head against the hull and cast his eyes heavenward. “Fine. But if Pekka Rollins kills us all, I’m going to get Wylan’s ghost to teach my ghost how to play the flute just so that I can annoy the hell out of your ghost." - Leigh Bardugo
"I thought I'd lie on the floor and writhe in pain for a while," he grunted, "It relaxes me."" - Cassandra Clare
"I'm going to wake Peeta," I say." - Suzanne Collins
"Always go to other people's funerals, otherwise they won't come to yours." - Yogi Berra
"I cannot go to school today"" - Shel Silverstein
"A word to the wise ain't necessary, it's the stupid ones who need advice." - Bill Cosby
"Did you see that dress?” "I saw the dress.” "Did you like it?” He didn't answer. I took that as a yes. "Am I going to endanger my reputation if I wear it to the dance?” When he spoke, I could barely hear him. "You'll endanger the school.” I smiled and fell asleep." - Richelle Mead
"If you're too open-minded; your brains will fall out." - Lawrence Ferlinghetti
"Headline?" he asked." - John Green
"Um...is that thing" - Rick Riordan
"Can you surf really well, then?"" - Rick Riordan
"I’ve been fighting to be who I am all my life. What’s the point of being who I am, if I can’t have the person who was worth all the fighting for?" - Stephanie Lennox
"Damn, Claire. Warn a guy before you do a face-plant on the floor next time. I could have looked all heroic and caught you or something -Shane" - Rachel Caine
"Never miss a good chance to shut up." - Will Rogers
"Can you be a girl for a few seconds?"" - Veronica Roth
"I don't hate you.. I just don't like that you exist" - Gena Showalter
"But Dumbledore says he doesn't care what they do as long as they don't take him off the Chocolate Frog cards." - J.K. Rowling
"She's strong! And scary...I bet she's single...I'd put money on it.." - Masashi Kishimoto
"What a kid I got, I told him about the birds and the bees and he told me about the butcher and my wife." - Rodney Dangerfield
"Puns are the highest form of literature." - Alfred Hitchcock
"Do you ever think if people heard our conversations they'd lock us up?"" - Wendy Mass
"Don’t put your wand there, boy! ... Better wizards than you have lost buttocks, you know!" - J.K. Rowling
"Do you want a cookie?" - Nicholas Sparks
"Perv."" - Rachel Caine
"What makes big boobs and perkiness so attractive to boys? I mean, really. Two round, mounds of fat and a fake smile. Yeah, winning attributes." - Gena Showalter
"I live in my own little world. But its ok, they know me here." - Lauren Myracle
"Opera is when a guy gets stabbed in the back and, instead of bleeding, he sings." - Robert Benchley
"Don't gobblefunk around with words." - Roald Dahl
"Life is pleasant. Death is peaceful. It's the transition that's troublesome." - Isaac Asimov
"Inconceivable!"" - William Goldman
"aren't you, uh... reproducing?" - Cassandra Clare
"Why it's simply impassible!" - Lewis Carroll
"You are the shuckiest shuck faced shuck in the world!" - James Dashner
"A Penny Saved is a Penny Earned" - Benjamin Franklin
"Ten Things You Shouldn't Say on a Date." - Gena Showalter
"Once I pulled a job, I was so stupid. I picked a guy's pocket on an airplane and made a run for it." - Rodney Dangerfield
"Can I come in?" - James Patterson
"This is my depressed stance. When you're depressed, it makes a lot of difference how you stand. The worst thing you can do is straighten up and hold your head high because then you'll start to feel better. If you're going to get any joy out of being depressed, you've got to stand like this." - Charles M. Schulz
"Those sweet lips. My, oh my, I could kiss those lips all night long." - Jess C. Scott
"I've got the Mark of Cain," said Simon. "That means nothing can kill me, right?"" - Cassandra Clare
"You should eat a waffle! You can't be sad if you eat a waffle!" - Lauren Myracle
"You…you got rid of that dress fast," I pointed out between heavy breaths. "I thought you liked it."" - Richelle Mead
"Remind me," he paused, drawing in a stuttered gasp, "to never piss you off again. Christ, are you secretly a ninja?" - Jennifer L. Armentrout
"The funniest people are the saddest ones" - Confucius
"Hey Mason, wipe the drool off your face. If you're going to think about me naked, do it on your own time." [...]" - Richelle Mead
"A ghostly smile flickered across his face. "If you weren't so psychotic, you'd be fun to hang around."" - Richelle Mead
"Never trust people who smile constantly. They're either selling something or not very bright." - Laurell K. Hamilton
"Books can also provoke emotions. And emotions sometimes are even more troublesome than ideas. Emotions have led people to do all sorts of things they later regret-like, oh, throwing a book at someone else." - Pseudonymous Bosch
"I have lightning and wind powers," Jason reminded him. "Piper can turn beautiful and charm people into giving her BMWs. You're no more a freak than we are. And, hey, maybe you can fly, too. Like jump off a building and yell 'Flame on!'"" - Rick Riordan
"Hooray! Hooray! The end of the world has been postponed! " - Hergé
"The human body is the best work of art." - Jess C. Scott
"You know, sometimes kids get bad grades in school because the class moves too slow for them. Einstein got D's in school. Well guess what, I get F's!!!" - Bill Watterson
"Harry Potter isn’t real? Oh no! Wait, wait, what do you mean by real? Is this video blog real? Am I real if you can see me and hear me, but only through the internet? Are you real if I can read your comment but I don’t know who you are or what your name is or where you’re from or what you look like or how old you are? I know all of those things about Harry Potter. Maybe Harry Potter’s real and you’re not." - John Green
"I can't decide whether I'm a good girl wrapped up in a bad girl, or if I'm a bad girl wrapped up in a good girl. And that's how I know I'm a woman!" - C. JoyBell C.
"She said this in the same way you might say Fields of Punishment or Hades's gym shorts." - Rick Riordan
"Ah coffee. The sweet balm by which we shall accomplish today's tasks." - Holly Black
"A fit, healthy body—that is the best fashion statement" - Jess C Scott
"If there were an international butt competition, Eric would win, hands down—or cheeks up." - Charlaine Harris
"That sounds terrific, thought Cary, just you, your comatose wife your shell-shocked son, and your daughter who hates your guts. Not to mention that your two kids may be in love with each other. Yeah, that sounds like a perfect family reunion." - Cassandra Clare
"I came from a real tough neighborhood. Why, every time I shut the window I hurt somebody's fingers." - Rodney Dangerfield
"Homework is not an option. My bed is sending out serious nap rays. I can't help myself. The fluffy pillows and warm comforter are more powerful than I am. I have no choice but to snuggle under the covers." - Laurie Halse Anderson
"Other crack teams get bat boomerangs and wall-climbing powers; we get Aquatruck." - Cassandra Clare
"Sane is boring." - R. A. Salvatore
"If at first you don't succeed then skydiving definitely isn't for you." - Steven Wright
"I felt like an animal, and animals don’t know sin, do they?" - Jess C. Scott
"Ethan Wyeth: I hope you're thirsty."" - Orson Scott Card
"I think the warning labels on alcoholic beverages are too bland. They should be more vivid. Here is one I would suggest: "Alcohol will turn you into the same asshole your father was." - George Carlin
"When I was growing up I always wanted to be someone. Now I realize I should have been more specific." - Lily Tomlin
"What about a compromise? I’ll kill them first, and if it turns out they were friendly, I’ll apologize." - Rick Riordan
"I am a Jew. Hath not a Jew eyes? Hath not a Jew hands, organs, dimensions, senses, affections, passions; fed with the same food, hurt with the same weapons, subject to the same diseases," - William Shakespeare
"When life gives you lemons, chunk it right back." - Bill Watterson
"She's cute, I thought, but you don't need to like a girl who treats you like you're ten: You've already got a mom." - John Green
"The three of you have one solution to every problem." - Holly Black
"Cultivate your curves - they may be dangerous but they won't be avoided." - Mae West
"Take off your shirt."" - Cassandra Clare
"I am your Prince and you will marry me," Humperdinck said." - William Goldman
"How is it possible to have a civil war?" - George Carlin
"Do you know what it means to come home at night to a woman who'll give you a little love, a little affection, a little tenderness? It means you're in the wrong house, that's what it means." - Henny Youngman
"Our great democracies still tend to think that a stupid man is more likely to be honest than a clever man, and our politicians take advantage of this prejudice by pretending to be even more stupid than nature made them." - Bertrand Russell
"Want to play baseball?’” she asked. Shane’s eyes opened, and he stopped stroking her hair. “What?’” “First base,’” she said. “You’re already there.’” “I’m not running the bases.’” “Well, you could at least steal second.’” “Jeez, Claire. I used to distract myself with sports stats at times like these, but now you’ve gone and ruined it." - Rachel Caine
"The female mind is certainly a devious one, my lord."" - Terry Pratchett
"How long have you been standing there?"" - Jennifer L. Armentrout
"We were kissing." - John Green
"The Death Eaters can't all be pure-blood, there aren't enough pure-blood wizards left," said Hermione stubbornly. "I expect most of them are half-bloods pretending to be pure. It's only Muggle-borns they hate, they'd be quite happy to let you and Ron join up"" - J.K. Rowling
"Sex without love is a meaningless experience, but as far as meaningless experiences go its pretty damn good." - Woody Allen
"Anyone who says he can see through women is missing a lot." - Groucho Marx
"Adrian, I'm on a date. Why are you here? On my car?" - Richelle Mead
"Your mail could've waited." Daemon followed me into the kitchen. "What is it? Just books?"" - Jennifer L. Armentrout
"Scoot over, man. I don't like you that much."" - Rachel Caine
"Telling an introvert to go to a party is like telling a saint to go to Hell." - Criss Jami
"A child of five could understand this. Send someone to fetch a child of five." - Groucho Marx
"A real girl isn't perfect and a perfect girl isn't real." - Harry Styles
"Maxon: “To be clear, no one agrees with you." - Kiera Cass
"V-Day…if you need this one day in a year to show everyone else you truly care for “your loved one” I think it’s quite stupid. I hate this commercialism. It’s all artificial, and has nothing to do with real love." - Jess C Scott
"A pessimist is a man who thinks everybody is as nasty as himself, and hates them for it." - George Bernard Shaw
"What's a dementor?"" - Becky Albertalli
"Failed relationships can be described as so much wasted make-up." - Marian Keyes
"Rejection is an opportunity for your selection." - Bernard Branson
"I've had great success being a total idiot. " - Jerry Lewis
"Can the sarcasm,' he said. 'Please, I always use fresh sarcasm, never canned." - Laurell K. Hamilton
"She didn't care that people called her a bitch. 'It's just another word for feminist,' she told me with pride." - Gayle Forman
"The moment the door opened I knew an ass-kicking was inevitable. Whether I'd be giving it or receiving it was still a bit of a mystery." - Rachel Vincent
"This shit is easy peasy, pumpkin peasy, pumpkin pie, muthafucka!" - Gerard Way
"I've been to Canada, and I've always gotten the impression that I could take the country over in about two days." - Jon Stewart
"Whoa, who peed in your Cheerios?" - Becca Fitzpatrick
"I'm bad and I'm going to hell, and I don't care. I'd rather be in hell than anywhere where you are. " - William Faulkner
"You gotta be careful: don't say a word to nobody about nothing anytime ever." - Johnny Depp
"Ronan's bedroom door burst open. Hanging on the door frame, Ronan leaned out to peer past Gansey. He was doing that thing where he looked like both the dangerous Ronan he was now and the cheerier Ronan he had been when Gansey first met him." - Maggie Stiefvater
"If you're trapped in the dream of the Other, you're fucked." - Gilles Deleuze
"And now," Eric yelled into his mircophone, "we're going to sing a new song-one we just wrote. This one's for my girlfriend. We've been going out for three weeks, and, damn, our love is true. We're gonna be together forever, baby. This one's called 'Bang You Like a Drum." - Cassandra Clare
"Be what you would seem to be - or, if you'd like it put more simply - never imagine yourself not to be otherwise than what it might appear to others that what you were or might have been was not otherwise than what you had been would have appeared to them to be otherwise." - Lewis Carroll
"There are times when it is appropriate, even preferable, to get an erection when someone's face is in close proximity to your penis." - John Green
"Last night I was seriously considering whether I was a bisexual or not but I don’t think so though I’m not sure if I’d like to be and argh I don’t think there’s anything wrong with that, if you like a person, you like the person, not their genitals." - Jess C Scott
"Electricity is actually made up of extremely tiny particles called electrons, that you cannot see with the naked eye unless you have been drinking." - Dave Barry
"Daemon pressed his forehead against mine. "Oh, I still want to strangle you. But I'm insane. You're crazy. Maybe that's why. We just make crazy together." - Jennifer L. Armentrout
"But that quickly faded, and he frowned. "You're bleeding," he said. "What happened?"" - Rachel Caine
"Ash is going to kick your ass, Daemon."" - Jennifer L. Armentrout
"Instead of committing suicide, people go to work." - Thomas Bernhard
"So that's it?" Kenji says. "You just like him for his personality, huh?"" - Tahereh Mafi
"Welcome to a new year at Hogwarts! Before we begin our banquet, I would like to say a few words. And here they are: Nitwit! Blubber! Oddment! Tweak!" - J.K. Rowling
"Now it was just the three of us: the leader, the warrior, and the kid about to wet his pants. Guess who I was." - D.J. MacHale
"I'm placing you under arrest for murder, conspiracy to commit murder and, I don't know, possibly littering." - Derek Landy
"Jem gave her a wistful look. “Must you go? I was rather hoping that you’d stay and be a ministering angel, but if you must go, you must." - Cassandra Clare
"Just believe everything I tell you, and it will all be very, very simple."" - Douglas Adams
"Whatever happened to the dragon?"" - Richelle Mead
"She crouched with her hand out. What the hell was she doing…" - Ilona Andrews
"I was feeling the height of bitchiness." - Jennifer L. Armentrout
"Oh, dear God and baby Jesus in the manger, my eyes!” Dee shrieked. “My eyes!" - Jennifer L. Armentrout
"Loki'd!" - Tom Hiddleston
"Huh," Leo said. "Well, if you ever get off this island and want a job, let me know. You're not a total klutz."" - Rick Riordan
"I can't believe he didn't have the dignity and presence of mind just to get drunk and pass out in some gutter," said Jace. "I must say, I'm disappointed in the little fellow." - Cassandra Clare
"Stairs," Valkyrie said, disappointed." - Derek Landy
"Tantalus made a wild grab, but the marshmallow committed suicide, diving into the flames." - Rick Riordan
"I love you. I hate you. I like you. I hate you. I love you. I think you’re stupid. I think you’re a loser. I think you’re wonderful. I want to be with you. I don’t want to be with you. I would never date you. I hate you. I love you…..I think the madness started the moment we met and you shook my hand. Did you have a disease or something?" - Shannon L. Alder
"I have the feeling we just made a deal with the devil, and he's going to come back and want our first-born child or something."" - Jennifer L. Armentrout
"My head’ll explode if I continue with this escapism." - Jess C Scott
"Isabelle snorted, "All the boys" - Cassandra Clare
"Which way did they go, Peeves?" Filch was saying. "Quick, tell me."" - J.K. Rowling
"Is that a stake, Bones, or are you just happy with my new dress?" - Jeaniene Frost
"Everyone thinks you've been kidnapped," he said. "We've been scouring the ship. When Coach Hedge finds out- oh, gods, you've been here all night?"" - Rick Riordan
"Pressure is something you feel when you don't know what the hell you're doing." - Peyton Manning
"You're insane!" she shouted." - Scott Westerfeld
"Sam came around the side of the car and stopped dead when he saw me. “Oh my God, what is THAT?” I used my thumb and middle finger to flick the multicolored pom-pom on top of my head. “In my language, we call it a HAT. It keeps my ears warm.” “Oh my God,” Sam said again, and closed the distance between us. He cupped my face in his hands and studied me. “It’s horribly cute.” He kissed me, looked at the hat, and then he kissed me again. I vowed never to lose the pom-pom hat." - Maggie Stiefvater
"She says you're not awake until you're actually out of bed and standing up." - Richelle Mead
"Ever heard of the rule of three? he shouts as we run." - Moira Young
"What I actually want to call you is a hell of a lot more unprintable than your name" - Cassandra Clare
"Self-knowledge is better than self-control any day," Raquel said firmly. "And I know myself well enough to know how I act around cookies." - Claudia Gray
"However, if you do start crying in an argument and someone asks why, you can always say, "I'm just crying because of how wrong you are." - amy poehler
"It just seems like overkill when you already have a dagger and I have superpowerful magic at my disposal." - Rachel Hawkins
"He’s always asking: ‘Is that new? I haven’t seen that before.’ It’s like, Why don’t you mind your own business? Solve world hunger. Get out of my closet." - Michelle Obama
"A boo is a lot louder than a cheer." - Lance Armstrong
"Aside from the obvious, Francesca, what do you want in return for supplying information?” Bones asked, getting back to the subject. “You to take me,” she replied at once. “Not gonna happen!” I spat, squeezing him possessively. Three sets of widened eyes fixed on me. That’s when I realized that what I had a firm grip on was no longer his hand." - Jeaniene Frost
"Zebrowski says that if you killed someone else just hide the body, he's not starting over on the paperwork." - Laurell K. Hamilton
"I have to return some videotapes" - Bret Easton Ellis
"I planted a kamikaze kiss on Jamie’s cheek." - Michelle Hodkin
"I'm a godmother, that's a great thing to be, a godmother. She calls me god for short, that's cute, I taught her that." - Ellen DeGeneres
"Would you like me to grovel with gratitude for bringing me here, High Lord?"" - Sarah J. Maas
"She held up her calloused, grimy fingers. Leo couldn't help thinking there was nothing hotter than a girl who didn't mind getting her hands dirty. But of course, that was just a general comment. Didn't apply to Calypso. Obviously." - Rick Riordan
"She blinked. "Hmm? Oh, don't care. What did Anubis look like to you?"" - Rick Riordan
"IF WE DIE FOR THEM, I'LL KILL YOU, HARRY!" - J.K. Rowling
"My heart started racing, not the bad kind of heart racing, like I'm going to die. But the good kind of heart racing, like, Hello, can I help you with something? If not, please step aside because I'm about to kick the shit out of life." - Maria Semple
"Do things that make you happy within the confines of the legal system." - Ellen DeGeneres
"Oh, there you are, Albus,' he said. 'You've been a very long time. Upset stomach?'" - J.K. Rowling
"If you can't do anything about it, laugh like hell." - David Cook
"To answer your question, you want me because I'm made of awesome." - Gena Showalter
"My shoulder will never be the same. I expect you to nurse me back to health." - Cassandra Clare
"My point is, life is about balance. The good and the bad. The highs and the lows. The pina and the colada." - Ellen DeGeneres
"Juan gave Bones the most admiring look he’d bestowed on him yet. “You talked her into going without panties all these years? Madre de Dios, now that’s impressive. I could learn a great deal from you, amigo." - Jeaniene Frost
"I’m no cactus expert, but I know a prick when I see one." - Mark A. Cooper
"Are you a female dog?"" - Lisi Harrison
"The funny thing about writing is that whether you're doing well or doing it poorly, it looks the exact same. That's actually one of the main ways that writing is different from ballet dancing." - John Green
"Well, someone slap my butt and give me a hero cookie. (Nick)" - Sherrilyn Kenyon
"Magnus raised his hands above his head and clapped once. The room flooded with light. "You see? You think that would be possible without magic?" - Cassandra Clare
"How can He be perfect? Everything He ever makes...dies." - George Carlin
"If you're texting Magnus to say 'I think u r kewl' I'm going to kill you" - Cassandra Clare
"I'm not the smartest fellow in the world, but I can sure pick smart colleagues." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
"I suppose it’s not a social norm, and not a manly thing to do — to feel, discuss feelings. So that’s what I’m giving the finger to. Social norms and stuff…what good are social norms, really? I think all they do is project a limited and harmful image of people. It thus impedes a broader social acceptance of what someone, or a group of people, might actually be like." - Jess C Scott
"Vampires. They wrote the book on possessive." - Charlaine Harris
"Politics and prostitution have to be the only jobs where inexperience is considered a virtue. In what other profession would you brag about not knowing stuff? “I’m not one of those fancy Harvard heart surgeons. I’m just an unlicensed plumber with a dream and I’d like to cut your chest open.” The crowd cheers." - Tina Fey
"I didn't want to spoil the mood. This was probably the longest Daemon and I had ever spoken without some statement earning him the finger." - Jennifer L. Armentrout
"Haven't you ever heard of the saying, "If you want to shoot the general, first shoot the horse!"?' --Lin" - Hiromu Arakawa
"You don't want him," she said to the pink-haired girl. "He has syphilis."" - Cassandra Clare
"Interviewer: So. Tell me about your mother." - Amie Kaufman
"Nice costume," he said." - Becca Fitzpatrick
"My friend "M" says the irony of being a zombie is that everything is funny, but you can't smile, because your lips have rotted off." - Isaac Marion
"What is your advice to young writers?" - Charles Bukowski
"Everyone has a sense of humor. If you don't laugh at jokes, you probably laugh at opinions." - Criss Jami
"I'm calling it the Watney Triangle because after what I've been through, shit on Mars should be named after me." - Andy Weir
"Making love to me is amazing. Wait, I meant: making love, to me, is amazing. The absence of two little commas nearly transformed me into a sex god. " - Dark Jar Tin Zoo
"Jackass, jackass on the wall, where's the info on Hex Hall?" - Rachel Hawkins
"One thing I've learned about vampires--they keep pulling new rabbits out of their cloaks. Big, fanged, carnivorous bunnies that'll eat your eyeballs if you're not paying attention." - Laurell K. Hamilton
"Why don't Fjerdans let girls fight?"" - Leigh Bardugo
"I’m a fake fact factory. The things I make are the things I make up. Also, as a side business, I make love. Actually, I just made that up." - Dora J. Arod
"Always and never are two words you should always remember never to use. " - Wendell Johnson
"Maybe you could be mine / or maybe we’ll be entwined / aimless in this sexless foreplay." - Jess C Scott
"Simon whispered to me, “But is everything okay?" - Kelley Armstrong
"Oh, of course," said Ron, clapping a hand to his forehead. "I forgot we'll be hunting down Voldemort in a mobile library." - J.K. Rowling
"I passed out from stress? That’s it?" - Marissa Meyer
"If we're mad, we're mad in large numbers, at least larger than yours." - Shannon Hale
"I didn't realize there was a ranking." I said. "Sadie frowned. "What do you mean?" "A ranking," I said. "You know, what's crazier than what." "Oh, sure there is," Sadie said. She sat back in her chair. "First you have your generic depressives. They're a dime a dozen and usually pretty boring. Then you've got the bulimics and the anorexics. They're slightly more interesting, although usually they're just girls with nothing better to do. Then you start getting into the good stuff: the arsonists, the schizophrenics, the manic-depressives. You can never quite tell what those will do. And then you've got the junkies. They're completely tragic, because chances are they're just going to go right back on the stuff when they're out of here." "So junkies are at the top of the crazy chain," I said. Sadie shook her head. "Uh-uh," she said. "Suicides are." I looked at her. "Why?" "Anyone can be crazy," she answered. "That's usually just because there's something screwed up in your wiring, you know? But suicide is a whole different thing. I mean, how much do you have to hate yourself to want to just wipe yourself out?" - Michael Thomas Ford
"Honestly, as much as I love my brother, I’m not sure how I feel about him hanging out in your bedroom.” He reached out with a muscular arm and used his fingers to brush a few strands of hair off my cheek, tucking them behind my ear. I shivered, and he smiled. “I feel like I need to mark my territory.” “Shut up.” “Oh, I love it when you get all bossy-pants. It’s sexy." - Jennifer L. Armentrout
"Please, touch me, I pray." - Jess C Scott
"If you have the woman you love, what more do you need? Well, besides an alibi for the time of her husband’s murder. " - Dark Jar Tin Zoo
"The reason for the unreason with which you treat my reason , so weakens my reason that with reason I complain of your beauty." - Cervantes Saavedra
"Everything is funny as long as it is happening to somebody else." - Will Rogers
"I like video games, but they're really violent. I'd like to play a video game where you help the people who were shot in all the other games. It'd be called 'Really Busy Hospital." - Demetri Martin
"[Thine] face is not worth sunburning." - William Shakespeare
"Show me a woman who doesn't feel guilty and I'll show you a man." - erica jong
"Of course you know, this means war." - Joe Adamson
"I mean, we're ninjas."" - John Green
"I'm not leaving, Kitten. You're going to do this."" - Jennifer L. Armentrout
"Yours in demigodishness, and all that. Peace out!" - Rick Riordan
"That's your truck parked up by the factory isn't it?" Magnus pointed. "It's awfully butch for a bookseller." - Cassandra Clare
"What's that?" he asked, when I stood beside him again." - Richelle mead
"Will suspected Jem was in fact cleverer than he was himself - but he lacked Will's tendency to assume the absolute worst about people and proceed from there." - Cassandra Clare
"I tell you, I'm half tempted to break into CIA custody just so I can break Joe Solomon out of CIA custody just so I can break Joe Solomon." - Ally Carter
"Lucas: I wanted to talk to you after class, but you disappeared." - Tammara Webber
"I take a sip of my beer, and it's - I mean, it's just astonishingly disgusting. I don't think I was expecting it to taste like ice cream, but holy fucking hell. People lie and get fake IDs and sneak into bars, and for this? I honestly think I'd rather make out with Bieber. The dog. Or Justin." - Becky Albertalli
"You will not kill my girlfriend today, International Terrorists of Ambiguous Nationality!" - John Green
"I make love with a focus and intensity that most people reserve for sleep." - Dark Jar Tin Zoo
"My love is meatloaf flavored. I just wish my meatloaf was also meatloaf flavored." - Dora J. Arod
"She asked if I loved another woman, so I answered honestly and said, “Dinner was great, but I could go for dessert." - Dark Jar Tin Zoo
"If I could bronze my love, it’d be worthy of a silver medal. " - Dark Jar Tin Zoo
"Hitler: Thank you, whoever you are. I think you just saved my life." - Steven Moffat
"So it's true what they say about warlocks, then?"" - Cassandra Clare
"I simply regard romantic comedies as a subgenre of sci-fi, in which the world created therein has different rules than my regular human world." - Mindy Kaling
"If the events of September 11, 2001, have proven anything, it's that the terrorists can attack us, but they can't take away what makes us American -- our freedom, our liberty, our civil rights. No, only Attorney General John Ashcroft can do that." - Jon Stewart
"How dare you open a spaceman's helmet on an uncharted planet? My eyeballs could've been sucked from their sockets!" - Cathy East Dubowski
"When would he learn that women never stayed where you put them?" - Maya Banks
"Adam's response was buried in the sound of the first-story door falling open. Noah slouched in. In a wounded tone, he said, "He threw me out the window!"" - Maggie Stiefvater
"We must respect the other fellow's religion, but only in the sense and to the extent that we respect his theory that his wife is beautiful and his children smart." - H.L. Mencken
"Aunt Mercy put down her tiles, one at a time. I-T-C-H-I-N." - Margaret Stohl
"To find out if she really loved me, I hooked her up to a lie detector. And just as I suspected, my machine was broken. " - Dark Jar Tin Zoo
"[Thou] mad mustachio purple-hued maltworms!" - William Shakespeare
"Whitney Houston’s cover of “I Will Always Love You” was constantly on my FM Walkman radio around that time. I think that made me cry because I associated it with absolutely no one." - Tina Fey
"Yeah, well. I don’t try to be awesome. It just comes natural." - Rick Riordan
"How very wet this water is." - L. Frank Baum
"What are you" -Mac" - Karen Marie Moning
"We’ve all got weaknesses. Me, for instance. I’m tragically funny and good-looking." - Rick Riordan
"The clock struck eleven and cat the vampire huntress was on the loose, except my battle armor was a push-up bra, curled hair, and a short dress. Yeah, it was a dirty job, but I was going to do it. Come one, come all, bloodsuckers! Bar’s open!" - Jeaniene Frost
"La cucaracha, La cucaracha, Ya no puede caminar, porque no tiene, porque le falta, I don't know the rest, la la la la!" - Simone Elkeles
"What did Isabelle want?" Jace asked." - Cassandra Clare
"Did those nice church ladies come by again?"" - Ilona Andrews
"Tris," he says. "What did they do to you? You're acting like a lunatic."" - Veronica Roth
"Leo,” Hazel gasped, “I can’t—my arms—" - Rick Riordan
"Daemon!" Dee called from the kitchen. "I need your help!"" - Jennifer L. Armentrout
"Whatever would give you the idea that I'm her damn brother?" - Jeaniene Frost
"I’m very much down to earth, just not this earth." - Karl Lagerfeld
"If I looked like him,” Tara said. “I’d want to have sex with myself. All the time." - Jill Shalvis
"I guess we're oil and water. (Phoebe)" - Susan Elizabeth Phillips
"Our lips met hungrily, and his clever artistic hands wrapped around my hips. A sudden buzz from my regular cell phone startled me from the kissing." - Richelle Mead
"I had a dream about you. You were an escalator, and I was a flight of stairs. You thought I was a Luddite, and I thought I was as ostrich, because I hadn’t figured out how to put the fly in flight. One day you broke down, and then you saw that you and I weren’t so different after all." - Dora J. Arod
"I had a dream about you. We installed Dr. Robert Jarvik’s artificial heart in a mannequin and brought it to life, only to later kill it because a creature that’s all fake heart and no brain is what’s commonly called a “politician,” and must be destroyed. " - Dark Jar Tin Zoo
"I never hated a man enough to give him his diamonds back." - Zsa Zsa Gabor
"Nothing is funnier than unhappiness." - Samuel Beckett
"Don't you think 'Mark is kind of a weird name for a Shadowhunter?" Julian was saying as Emma approached. "I mean, if you really think about it. It's confusing. 'Put a Mark on me, Mark." - Cassandra Clare
"The more you talk about it, rehash it, rethink it, cross analyze it, debate it, respond to it, get paranoid about it, compete with it, complain about it, immortalize it, cry over it, kick it, defame it, stalk it, gossip about it, pray over it, put it down or dissect its motives it continues to rot in your brain. It is dead. It is over. It is gone. It is done. It is time to bury it because it is smelling up your life and no one wants to be near your rotted corpse of memories and decaying attitude. Be the funeral director of your life and bury that thing!" - Shannon L. Alder
"On Friday night, I was reading my new book, but my brain got tired, so I decided to watch some television instead." - Stephen Chbosky
"They call me, The Sharkalator" - James Patterson
"Before you criticize a man, walk a mile in his shoes. That way, when you do criticize him, you'll be a mile away and have his shoes." - Steve Martin
"Um...Mercer? Haven't seen you in nearly a month. I was expecting something like, 'Oh Cross, love of my heart, fire of my loins, how I've longed--" - Rachel Hawkins
"You know you have ADD when Look A chicken - T-shirt" - Darynda Jones
"My congratulations to you, sir. Your manuscript is both good and original; but the part that is good is not original, and the part that is original is not good. " - Samuel Johnson
"You're very welcome," she said, giving my hair a hard tug. "You should be used to being gawked at by now."" - Leigh Bardugo
"You will not pass!” Roman thundered." - Ilona Andrews
"I don't like hello. It makes me sound like I have dementia, like I've never heard a phone ring before and I don't know what's supposed to happen next. Hello?" - Rainbow Rowell
"Would you like to borrow a pair of my panties to wave around at the next Council meeting to get the point across?" - Ilona Andrews
"The magician stood erect, menacing the attackers with demons, metamorphoses, paralyzing ailments, and secret judo holds. Molly picked up a rock." - Peter S. Beagle
"If you die in an elevator, be sure to push the up button." - Sam Levenson
"Why did you tell her I'm your boyfriend? Why doesn't she know about your real one? - Timmy" - Jeaniene Frost
"Agreed," I say. "It's going to be a long hour."" - Suzanne Collins
"You might not believe this, but there is" - Richelle Mead
"A hospital bed is a parked taxi with the meter running." - Groucho Marx
"Be a Samurai." - Laini Taylor
"Can we go back to using Facebook for what it was originally for - looking up exes to see how fat they got?" - Bill Maher
"Screw this. He’d blown his shot at nice-and-easy, which only left quick-and-brutal—my favorite way to play." - Rachel Vincent
"The sun, with all those planets revolving around it and dependent on it, can still ripen a bunch of grapes as if it had nothing else in the universe to do." - Galileo Galilei
"I sneaked out to his house a couple times in the middle of the night to watch over him while he slept, just in case, I don't know, his comic book collection decided to spontaneously combust. This was dumb and admittedly creepy in an Edward Cullen kind of way." - Cynthia Hand
"Wait a second," Clary said." - Cassandra Clare
"She moved to pinch me again but I blocked her hand. I'm no expert on girls, but when one tries to pinch you four times, I'm pretty sure that's flirting." - Ransom Riggs
"Two seconds later, the sound of an alarm filled my ears." - Michelle Hodkin
"Shane looked…pale. Pale and shaken and—how predictable was this?—pissed." - Rachel Caine
"There's nothing more contagious than the laughter of young children; it doesn't even have to matter what they're laughing about." - Criss Jami
"Don't look now, but that's my ex over there."" - Gena Showalter
"She was an idiot. An adorable, gorgeous, feisty, funny, sweet, sexy idiot." - Sarah Mayberry
"Dogs have their day but cats have 365." - Lilian Jackson Braun
"The old woman was the kind who would not cut down a large old tree because it was a large old tree." - Flannery O'Connor
"The downside of my celebrity is that I cannot go anywhere in the world without being recognized. It is not enough for me to wear dark sunglasses and a wig. The wheelchair gives me away." - Stephen Hawking
"The shortest horror story:" - Frederic Brown
"Married?" she practically screeched, not sounding all that pleased, which left him feeling a little offended. "We're not getting married."" - R.L. Mathewson
"Simon!" Clary shouted, and seized his arm." - Cassandra Clare
"I snuck a look to see how Eric was taking this, and he was staring at me the same way the Monroe vampires had. Thoughtful. Hungry." - Charlaine Harris
"I want to make a memorial for our turkey. Never has a bird been so tortured to provide such a lousy dinner." - Laurie Halse Anderson
"In Lucy's eyes, a penis that doesn't grow, is a very ungrateful penis." - Jimmy Tudeski
"You know how teachers tell you the magic word is 'please'? That's not true. The magic word is 'puke'. It will get you out of class faster than anything else." - Rick Riordan
"Anthony Bridgerton leaned back in his leather chair,and then announced," - Julia Quinn
"The cord pulled taut and she rebounded, flying back up before falling again. As her velocity slowed, she opened her eyes and found herself dangling at the end of the cord, about five feet above Jace. He was grinning." - Cassandra Clare
"She came awake, stomach rumbling, and opened her eyes to see a plate being held right under her nose." - Rachel Caine
"Why are you wearing a T-shirt under your other T-shirt?" Livvy asked." - Cassandra Clare
"I was washing the dishes and the sneaky bastard crept up behind me and wrapped his arms around my waist. And kissed me. Right here.” I pointed angrily to my neck. “Can I not have him committed or something?" - Samantha Young
"How are you feeling?"" - Jennifer L. Armentrout
"Roses are red, violets are blue, I have five fingers, the middle one is for you." - Gena Showalter
"You just punched a prince, Alina. I guess we can add one more act of treason to our list." - Leigh Bardugo
"Normal? I'm not normal enough for you?" Carlos says. "You want this guy instead? Did you notice his hair doesn't move? That's not normal. You want to date him again, go ahead. Hell, if you want to marry him and be Kiara Barra the rest of your life, be my guest."" - Simone Elkeles
"You'll blow up a helicopter, but you won't go out with me? What is" - Meg Cabot
"I was born with an adult head and a tiny body. Like a 'Peanuts' character." - Jon Stewart
"I would feel infinitely more comfortable in your presence if you would agree to treat gravity as a law, rather than one of a number of suggested options." - Neil Gaiman
"Believe me, It would be better if we didn't meet again. Go back to school. Go back to your life. And next time they ask you, say no. Killing is for grown-ups and you're still a child." - Anthony Horowitz
"Kaz reached into his coat pocket. "Here," he said and handed Jesper a slender book with an elaborate cover." - Leigh Bardugo
"Zoey~ 'Listen to me, whinning about money and a scarf. Ah, hell! I'm starting to sound like Aphrodite.'" - P.C. Cast &Kristin Cast
"If everyone in the world sat quietly at the same time, closed their eyes and concentrated as hard as they could on peace and goodwill, all the killing and cruelty in the world would continue. And probably increase." - George Carlin
"You humans, always eating. I'll make you soup. You can eat it while you keep working." Myrnin set aside his book and walked into the back of the lab." - Rachel Caine
"He's not doing anything he shouldn't be doing, right?"" - Rachel Caine
"One of the greatest pieces of advice I’ve ever gotten in my life was from my mom. When I was a little kid there was a kid who was bugging me at school and she said “Okay, I’m gonna tell you what to do. If the kid’s bugging you and puts his hands on you; you pick up the nearest rock..." - Johnny Depp
"Gimme an S! A T! An O! A C! Followed by a K-H-O-L-M! What's it spell? HEAD FUCK." - J.R. Ward
"Shouldn't someone give a pep talk or something?' Minho asked..." - James Dashner
"Discipline allows magic. To be a writer is to be the very best of assassins. You do not sit down and write every day to force the Muse to show up. You get into the habit of writing every day so that when she shows up, you have the maximum chance of catching her, bashing her on the head, and squeezing every last drop out of that bitch." - Lili St. Crow
"My goal in life is to have a psychiatric disorder named after me." - Darynda Jones
"I'm a little bit naked, but that's okay." - Lady Gaga
"Whatever it is," I said, "the point is moot because as long as I'm on these pills, I can't make contact to ask."" - Kelley Armstrong
"All I know is just what I read in the papers, and that's an alibi for my ignorance." - Will Rogers
"The Ultimate Answer to Life, The Universe and Everything is...42!" - Douglas Adams
"Hey, Mr. Nakata. Gramps. Fire! Flood! Earthquake! Revolution! Godzilla's on the loose! Get" - Haruki Murakami
"Yo, beautiful. Come pop this collar off me." - Kresley Cole
"Apparently the complete works of Shakespeare packed quite a wallop. To think, my mother said I'd never find use for an English degree. Ha! I'd like to see her knock someone silly with an apron and a cookie press." - Rachel Vincent
"Sex is like air; it's not important unless you aren't getting any." - John Callahan
"I don't suppose you would consider peaceful surrender?" - Eoin Colfer
"You have no finesse,” a gambler at the Silver Garter once said to him. “No technique." - Leigh Bardugo
"Wow. What'd he do to deserve that? Rescue orphans from a burning building? If so, you might want to make sure he didn't set the building on fire in the first place." - Richelle Mead
"Too bad. Family members hit you by accident. Psychopathic whores tend to come back for more." - Richelle Mead
"Fuck it... That's really the attitude that keeps a family together, it's not "we love each other", it's just "fuck it, man." - Louis C.K.
"When I was growing up we didn't have a massive house and there were five women running around, so my dad and I had to stick together!" - Louis Tomlinson
"I wonder what will happen if i put a hand cream on my feet, will they get confused and start clapping?" - Ellen DeGeneres
"St. Clair gets a crush on Anna. He's torn between her and Ellie, and he spends so much time running between them that he hardly has time left for Josh. And the more time that Josh spends alone, the more he realizes how alone he actually is. All of his friends will be gone the next year. Josh grows increasingly antagonistic toward school, which makes Rashmi increasingly antagonistic toward him, which makes him increasingly antagonistic toward her. And she's upset because Elie dropped her as a friend, and Meredith is upset because now St. Clair likes two girls who aren't her, and Anna is upset because St. Clair is leading her on, and then St. Clair's mom gets cancer." - Stephanie Perkins
"To ugly ducklings everywhere," - Zoë Marriott
"Dee loves it here. Before you came, she spent most of her days here."" - Jennifer L. Armentrout
"What did you tell them?" - Ilona Andrews
"Shane dragged Eve's suitcase into the room and dumped it on the floor beside her bed. “Hey, Dark Princess? Here’s your crap. Also, bite me." - Rachel Caine
"Mussolini?” Leo frowned. “Wasn’t he like BFFs with Hitler?" - Rick Riordan
"Myrnin, who hadn't said much, suddenly reached out and wrapped his arms around her." - Rachel Caine
"What do you think? Does this face make me look fat?" - Kiersten White
"You okay?"" - Rachel Caine
"Yeah, I was thinking about taking one of those showers where you huddle in the corner fully clothed and cry," Archer offered." - Rachel Hawkins
"A pause followed my greeting. Then “We’re watching you ” whispered the voice on the other end." - Josh Lanyon
"Mal snickered." - Leigh Bardugo
"Are you in a suit?" I managed at last, my voice choking up. "You didn’t have to dress up for me."" - Richelle Mead
"And while my mind is telling me I'm flirting with her just to prove a point, my body wants to play "you show me your perky privates and I'll show you mine." - Simone Elkeles
"I must have killed a lot of cows in a past life for Karma to hate me this much." - Katie McGarry
"Boredom can be a lethal thing on a small island." - Christopher Moore
"People who didn't need people needed people around to know that they were the kind of people who didn't need people." - Terry Pratchett
"It's funny. No matter how hard you try, you can't close your heart forever. And the minute you open it up, you never know what's going to come in. But when it does, you just have to go for it! Because if you don't, there's not point in being here." - Kirstie Alley
"This cat is looking at me with judgment.”“He’s not,” said Jules. “That’s just his face.”“You look at me the same way,” Mark said, glancing at Julian. “Judgy face." - Cassandra Clare
"May the fleas of a thousand camels invade the crotch of the person that ruins your day. And may their arms be to short too scratch" - Keisha Keenleyside
"I apologized to her once for spending less time with her, but she blew it off. "You're in love. That makes you actually kind of boring to people who aren't in love. You know, the sane ones." - Claudia Gray
"I love how you still think if you tell me to do something, I'll just check my brain at the door and do it." - C.J. Redwine
"I had a dream about you last night. The champagne was non-alcoholic. You didn't notice, and laughed at my jokes anyway." - Michael  Summers
"This is America. We’re entitled to our opinions." - Susan Elizabeth Phillips
"Raffin appeared again, a floor above her, on the balconied passageway that ran past his workrooms. He leaned over the railing and called down to her. "Kat!"" - Kristin cashore
"If per capita was a problem, decapita could be arranged" - Terry Pratchett
"Grabbing a scarf off the chair, I threw it at him." - Jennifer L. Armentrout
"Today I plan to smile a lot, only so people who know me will be freaked the fuck out." - R.D. Ronald
"Any girl can be glamorous. All you have to do is stand still and look stupid." - Hedy Lamarr
"You knocked the door down." Disbelief rang in his matter-of-fact tone." - C.C. Hunter
"If an apology is followed by an excuse or a reason, it means they are going to commit same mistake again they just apologized for." - Amit Kalantri
"Legion hissed like a startled cat, the noise scraping at Reyes’s skin. “Me no boy. You think me a boy?" - Gena Showalter
"She can go with us to the lab and keep Myrnin pinned down while we pull the plug, if he's not... you know, better."" - Rachel Caine
"Some stories have to be written because no one would believe the absurdity of it all." - Shannon L. Alder
"Huh, another queen,” Puck mused, an evil grin crossing his face. “Maybe we should drop in and introduce ourselves, ice-boy. Do the whole, hey, we were just in the neighborhood, and we were just wondering if you had any plans to take over the Nevernever. Have a fruit basket." - Julie Kagawa
"Here," Myrnin said, his voice still gentle and low. "Amelie said you had to work. No one said you had to work alone." He picked up the next part and slotted it in, took the screwdriver from Claire's numbed fingers, and fastened it with a couple of deft, fast movements. "I'll be your hands."" - Rachel Caine
"He flipped himself onto his side and kissed me. "You're so hot," I said, my hand still on his leg." - John Green
"When a window is opened up from the inside for you to climb through, then that window isn't there to be climbed through by you" - jimmy tudeski
"Myrnin turned away to pick up his Ben Franklin spectacles, balanced them on his nose, and looked over them to say," - Rachel Caine
"Me neither,” Shane put in. “Homie don’t play that." - Rachel Caine
"You won't even take your bow? Are you planning to throttle a moose with your bare hands, then?"" - Kristin Cashore
"And certainly, the mistakes that we male and female mortals make when we have our own way might fairly raise some wonder that we are so fond of it." - George Eliot
"It's funny how different people are. If I'd been this kid and someone was snarling "Ordering a pizza?" at me, without even thinking, I would have snarled back "Yeah. You want pepperoni?"" - James Patterson
"Yeah, okay. You're right. I was having dinner with Zombie Carl the other night. You know, steak, rare, and a bottle of vintage type A. He told me all his secrets, but too bad for you I promised him I wouldn't tell. In exchange I asked him to gather his best undead buddies and stalk me through my friend's yard. And oh, yeah, it was totally fine if they wanted to use me as an all-night-dinner buffet, because having organs is SO last year." - Gena Showalter
"She'd met Colin on a Monday." - Julia Quinn
"I picked up the nearest weapon I could lay my hands on: a stapler. I lifted it, going for “menacing.” I admit it lacked a certain elegance, but hey. It was worth a shot. David placed his hand on my arm and pushed it back down." - Rachel Hawkins
"Ceres wanted a united front in the plant war."" - Rick Riordan
"The Friday before winter break, my mom packed me an overnight bag and a few deadly weapons and took me to a new boarding school." - Rick Riordan
"Yes, because a vampire slumber party is the pinnacle of safety conscious behavior." - Stephenie Meyer
"girls" - Charles Bukowski
"Home is where, when you go there and tell people to get out, they have to leave." - Jim Butcher
"Idiot." - Leigh Bardugo
"I sat on the bed. Neither of us said anything. I wasn't slick and sophisticated enough for this. What do you say to boyfriend A when he finds you naked in the bed of boyfriend B? Especially if boyfriend A turned into a monster the night before and ate someone. I bet Miss Manners didn't cover this at all." - Laurell K. Hamilton
"Isn’t it so weird how the number of dead people is increasing even though the earth stays the same size, so that one day there isn’t going to be room to bury anyone anymore? For my ninth birthday last year, Grandma gave me a subscription to National Geographic, which she calls “the National Geographic.” She also gave me a white blazer, because I only wear white clothes, and it’s too big to wear so it will last me a long time. She also gave me Grandpa’s camera, which I loved for two reasons. I asked why he didn’t take it with him when he left her. She said, “Maybe he wanted you to have it." - Jonathan Safran Foer
"Honestly, Clary, if you don't start utilizing a bit of your natural feminine superiority I just don't know what I'll do with you." - Cassandra Clare
"Who says you can’t be cute and kick ass at the same time?” Kenji winks at me. “I do it every day." - Tahereh Mafi
"She handed him a glass of water and two Aleve gelcaps. “They’re anti-inflammatories. They will dull the pain a little bit and keep down swelling and redness. Swallow the pills, don’t chew." - Ilona Andrews
"I will never deny that life isn't fair. It seems as though when a woman leaves a man she is strong and independent, but when a man leaves a woman he is a pig and a jerk." - Criss Jami
"Why would I go looking for someone I know wants to kill me?" - J.K. Rowling
"Please tell me this is easier to take off than it was to put on." - V.E. Schwab
"It’s always been this way. There were rumors about me even before I was born. It’s why my mother never calls me Sobachka. She says it makes me sound like a mongrel." - Leigh Bardugo
"Scrawny? Baby, I invented scrawny. Scrawny is the new sizzling hot." - Rick Riordan
"This isn't a Christmas special! This is my life. In the real world, miracles and goodness just don't happen." - Richelle Mead
"Oliver laughed - actually laughed."I like this new Claire," he said." - Rachel Caine
"When I was alive, I mean the first time, Mussolini was in charge. We were at war." - Rick Riordan
"America used to live by the motto "Father Knows Best." Now we're lucky if "Father Knows He Has Children." We've become a nation of sperm donors and baby daddies." - Stephen Colbert
"*Appendix usually means "small outgrowth from large intestine," but in this case it means "additional information accompanying main text." Or are those really the same things? Think carefully before you insult this book." - Pseudonymous Bosch
"Breckin shrugs. “I’m new here. And if you haven’t deducted from my impeccable fashion sense, I think it’s safe to say that I’m…” he leans forward and cups his hand to his mouth in secrecy. “Mormon,” he whispers." - Colleen Hoover
"I guess I can't blame him for feeling bitter. Going from being the terror of Bulgarian nights to a janitor would kinda suck" - Kiersten White
"I had a dream about you last night.. you were holding a pine cone and introducing him as Gerald." - Nicole McKay
"I know I'm delicious. Nummy.....nummy." - Jeaniene Frost
"Hey, yummy leather guy? Can you hear me? (Amanda)" - Sherrilyn Kenyon
"She felt one thousand years old. She also felt like maybe she was a condescending brat. She wanted her bike. She wanted her friends, who were also one-thousand-year-old condescending brats. She wanted to live in a world where she was surrounded by one-thousand-year-old condescending brats." - Maggie Stiefvater
"Literature doesn’t exactly have a strong mental-health track record." - Lemony Snicket
"What if I was the sexual equivalent of popcorn? Suitable for light snacking only?" - Rachel Vincent
"Alphabet: a symbolic system used in algebra, with applications that have yet to be discovered by dyslexics and two thirds of college graduates." - Bauvard
"Dude. Hot Bozo. Best nickname ever." - Cynthia Hand
"Otis," I said." - Rick Riordan
"মিথ্যা হলো শয়তানের বিয়ের মন্ত্র। মিথ্যা বললেই শয়তানের বিয়ে হয়। বিয়ে হওয়া মানেই সন্তান-সন্ততি হওয়া। একটা মিথ্যার পর আরো অনেকগুলি মিথ্যা বলতে হয় এই কারণেই।পরের মিথ্যাগুলি শয়তানের সন্তান।" - Humayun Ahmed
"I wish I knew how to quit you, Tumblr." - John Green
"I'm about as intimidating as a butterfly." - Dan Howell
"My brother spent a large portion of the agonizingly slow drive to school banging his forehead on the stearing wheel." - Michelle Hodkin
"Be careful you don't cut yourself. The edges are sharp enough to shave with.'" - George R.R. Martin
"I had an uneventful few days," it told her. "The most exciting thing was an hour-long lecture from the headmaster on taking our studies seriously. He said next year's exam will arrive sooner than we think."" - Derek Landy
"No,” he muttered, running a hand through his copper hair. “No. No. There are dozens." - V.E. Schwab
"Stick your dick in’?” I asked, my brows probably touching. “Did you actually just say that?" - Kylie Scott
"You are going to love the sports here. Snow skiing and water-skiing and rock climbing and all kinds of extreme sports. I give you full permission to hurl yourself off stuff." - Cynthia Hand
"I rolled my eyes. “I feel like a zoo animal." - Jamie McGuire
"My tendency to make up stories and lie compulsively for the sake of my own amusement takes up a good portion of my day and provides me with a peace of mind not easily attainable in this economic climate." - Chelsea Handler
"And she says, “Then let’s just take the effing road and get ourselves to Haven." - Patrick Ness
"The common man prays, 'I want a cookie right now!' And God responds, 'If you'd listen to what I say, tomorrow it will bring you 100 cookies." - Criss Jami
"Emergency Valve Regulators," she repeated. "So you do know what your doing?" - Derek Landy
"Miss Vida" Liam said "has anyone never told you that you are positively the whipped cream on the sundae of life?"" - Alexandra Bracken
"Promise me, Amelie, that you’ll crucify me with silver before you allow me to fall in love." - Rachel Caine
"Our love was a two-person game. At least until one of us died, and the other became a murderer. " - Dark Jar Tin Zoo
"A totally nondenominational prayer: Insofar as I may be heard by anything, which may or may not care what I say, I ask, if it matters, that I be forgiven for anything I may have done or failed to do which requires forgiveness.  Conversely, if not forgiveness but something else may be required to insure any possible benefit for which I may be eligible after the destruction of my body, I ask that this, whatever it may be, be granted or withheld, as the case may be, in such a manner as to insure said benefit. I ask this in my capacity as your elected intermediary between yourself and that which may not be yourself, but which may have an interest in the matter of your receiving as much as it is possible for you to receive of this thing, and which may in some way be influenced by this ceremony. Amen." - Roger Zelazny
"The idealist hopes. The romantic sees doom. The postmodernist sees doom and hopes." - Bauvard
"Religion is like a blind man looking in a black room for a black cat that isn't there, and finding it." - Anonymous
"So,” sneered Fudge, recovering himself, “you intend to take on Dawlish, Shacklebolt, Dolores, and myself single-handed, do you, Dumbledore?" - J.K. Rowling
"Who knew hitting my head and passing out would be so much fun?" - P.C. Cast
"I hate you' she said to me one afternoon. 'I really, really hate you.' Call me sensitive, but I couldn't help but take it personally." - David Sedaris
"June laughs. "I have to say, you look better than most people I see. I've heard a lot about you."" - Marie Lu
"Marry me, he says. I got all my own teeth, I wash twice a year an I'll cut you in fer half the business here." - Moira Young
"It was an emergency!" Seth blurted. "Read my lips - emergency reading - not some demented idea of fun. If I was starving, I would eat asparagus. If somebody held a gun to my head, I would watch a soap opera. And to save Fablehaven, I would read a book, okay, are you happy?"" - Brandon Mull
"His eyebrows pulled in. “You won’t leave me, right? Even when I’m a pain in the ass?" - Jamie McGuire
"...you don't care because you're all that and I'm just an artery in a dress. " - Jeaniene Frost
"Thou art a very ragged Wart." - William Shakespeare
"Are you two you know?" Jacob pointed at us. "" - Jennifer L. Armentrout
"It's so trendy, almost bleeding to death. All the cool girls are doing it." - Francine Pascal
"Instead of heading for a big mental breakdown, I decided to have a small breakdown every Tuesday evening." - Graham Parke
"He was gorgeous, and I absolutely, no question, had to be drooling. After a quick and hopefully stealthy check – big show, I wasn’t!- I found myself wonder what color his eyes were. Brown maybe. Or even hazel. Either way…wow, just wow. Deer? Headlights? Hi, I’m Ali." - Gena Showalter
"Paying alimony is like feeding hay to a dead horse." - Groucho Marx
"How art thou out of breath when thou hast breath" - William Shakespeare
"The uniform enhanced his athletic body, and my thoughts drifted to how magnificent he would look with his uniform puddled around his feet." - Maria V. Snyder
"Because he has the best equipment in the City and he knows how to use it!" - Ilona Andrews
"I certainly hadn't expected to walk away from today's trip with joint custody of a miniature dragon." - Richelle Mead
"I'm tired, I'm hungry and I have a head in a bag," I warned him. "Do not fuck with me." - Karen Chance
"I love being in love, but I also love other things, like not being jealous, overly sensitive, or needy. " - Dark Jar Tin Zoo
"You can read minds, and you didn't tell me?” Link stared at me like he just found out I was the Silver Surfer. He rubbed his head nervously. “Hey, man, all that stuff about Lena? I was yankin’ your chain.” He looked away. “Are you doin’ it now? You're doin’ it, aren't you? Dude, get out of my head.” He backed away from me and into the bookshelf." - Kami Garcia
"Will you quit shouting and let me bleed in peace!" - Ransom Riggs
"He and the girl had almost nothing to say to each other. One thing he did say was, 'I ain't got any tattoo on my back.'" - Flannery O'Connor
"Shh." I squeeze his hand. His palm feels clammy. "We have to keep it down, okay? We don't want my dad coming in."" - A.G. Howard
"Bite me, Goth princess,” Shane called from the back. “Not literally or anything." - Rachel Caine
"You mean she doesn’t intend to blow me up before the ceremony?” said Kai, taking the box. “How disappointing." - Marissa Meyer
"Are you suggesting I’m working with the" - Gena Showalter
"There was a small wooden gazebo built out over the water; Isabelle was sitting in it, staring out across the lake. She looked like a princess in a fairy tale, waiting at the top of her tower for someone to ride up and rescue her." - Cassandra Clare
"What on earth would I do if four bears came into my camp? Why, I would die of course. Literally shit myself lifeless." - Bill Bryson
"Wow, is that Katniss making out with Yoda?" - Becky Albertalli
"Ren took off his jacket, which slicited a squeak from Jennifer who was now totally focused on Ren's golden-bronze biceps. His perfectly fitted muscle shirt showed off his extremely well-developed arms and chest." - Colleen Houck
"I had a dream about you. I was sitting on your couch, relating my succession of ideas on subconscious influence. I asked you what they meant, and you told me that free associations were a bad way to advance my political career." - Bauvard
"Well,” said the frog, “what are you going to do about it?" - Patricia C. Wrede
"That’s us,” he said. “Those five nuts right there." - Rick Riordan
"I have no doubt that you are more than capable of bringing the Monsean queen and my son and the rest of my sons and a hundred Nanderan kittens through an onslaught of howling raiders if you chose to." - Kristin Cashore
"gray hair is gods graffiti" - Bill Cosby
"It really seems to me that in the midst of great tragedy, there is always the horrible possibility that something terribly funny will happen." - Philip K. Dick
"She should have remembered her past experiences in the relationship wars and not let herself get so excited. Evidently her hormones had overruled her common sense and she had become drunk on ovarian wine, the most potent, sanity- destroying substance in the universe." - Linda Howard
"She moved like water, graceful and soft and lovely. Every part of me wanted to stick out my foot and trip her, just to see her stumble." - Cassandra Rose Clarke
"The behavior of any bureaucratic organization can best be understood by assuming that it is controlled by a secret cabal of its enemies." - Robert Conquest
"Being dead wasn't supposed to hurt. Where was the fairness in that? If I was dead, the least the universe could do was make it painless" - Kiersten White
"If you're ever feeling a lack of middle-aged white men, just pop into the Capitol. Not so much the House of Representatives, which has a bit more color and texture, but the Senate -- jeez. Yes, let's have more testosterone running the country." - James Patterson
"His fingers lightly grazed my cheek. "I didn't know you before. When you're not there, I can't concentrate. I'm wondering where you are, what you're doing...if you're there and I can see you, I can see you, I can focus. I know it's crazy, but that's how it is."" - Jamie McGuire
"I hate witches. Humans had the right idea, burning them at the stake." - Charlaine Harris
"So they finally gave you the license to kill, about time." - Richelle Mead
"As I climbed up into the high old bed, the large fly in my personal ointment did the same. Had I actually told him he could get in bed with me? Well, I decided, as I wriggled down under the soft old sheets and the blanket and the comforter, if Eric had designs on me, I was just too tired to care." - Charlaine Harris
"Are you okay?" I (Cassie) call up to him." - Rick Yancey
"Most writers regard the truth as their most valuable possession, and therefore are economical in its use." - Mark Twain
"But there's a juicy artery in your groin," he said after a pause to regroup, his voice as slithery as a snake on a slide." - Charlaine Harris
"When mice run, cats give chase." - Rachel Vincent
"Not one word," Kel warned. "Tobe and I have reached an understanding."" - Tamora Pierce
"It's sometimes funny to watch some people doing" - Toba Beta [Betelgeuse Incident]
"Hey, princess of Popsicles! Queen of curlicue cones." - Wendy Higgins
"I lost a horse today.'" - Maggie Stiefvater
"Who cares even if I didn't?!" Conor shouted back. "They're just stupid berries. Woo-hoo," - Patrick Ness
"Dearest Annie," - L.H. Cosway
"Why couldn't you turn into a fireball when we were on the same team!" - Pittacus Lore
"Never try to understand the students. They hate it. They would much rather be tragically misunderstood, wallow in self-pity, stew in their own —" - J.K. Rowling
"I had a dream about you last night... you were a giant slinky and I watched you fall down the stairs." - Amy Summers
"He started to touch the mechanism under the keyboard," - Rachel Caine
"..."vers libre," (free verse) or nine-tenths of it, is not a new metre any more than sleeping in a ditch is a new school of architecture." - G.K. Chesterton
"The lampshade on my head is for my bright ideas. I won't be able to convey them until Monday, when my curtain gets out of the dry cleaners." - Bauvard
"The only thing known to go faster than ordinary light is monarchy, according to the philosopher Ly Tin Wheedle. He reasoned like this: you can't have more than one king, and tradition demands that there is no gap between kings, so when a king dies the succession must therefore pass to the heir" - Terry Pratchett
"I may not have been completely honest about that."" - Leigh Bardugo
"Gods, I love it when you talk mathy to me." - Kresley Cole
"You read a book for the story, for each of its words," Gordy said, "and you draw your cartoons for the story, for each of the words and images. And, yeah, you need to take that seriously, but you should also read and draw because really good books and cartoons give you a boner."" - Sherman Alexie
"Working for Mab now, are you, Wolfman?" he smirked. "Like a good little attack dog? Will you also roll over and beg if she asks?" - Julie Kagawa
"HOMICIDE, n. The slaying of one human being by another. There are" - Ambrose Bierce
"The problem with having evil minions is that minions are stupid." - Larissa Ione
"Demon pox, oh demon pox" - Cassandra Clare
"Come on," I said, taking his hand. Clutching the afghan with the other hand, he trailed down the hall after me, a snow white giant in tiny red underwear." - Charlaine Harris
"Hayden?"" - Kasie West
"Save your explanations, I got some questions for you first and you'd better answer them!' [slurred Hellian.]" - Steven Erikson
"Her voice was now so shrill only bats would be able to hear it soon, but she had reached a level of indignation that rendered her temporarily speechless.." - J.K. Rowling
"sometimes when everything seems at" - Charles Bukowski
"Angelina leaned forward as Sara pulled Miki back to her, "You know what they say about curiosity? That it stabbed the annoying biker girl over and over and over again until she spit up blood." - Shelly Laurenston
"Everything's amazing right now, and nobody's happy." - Louis C.K.
"I've never felt so bereft and panicky. What do I do without my phone? How do I function? My hand keeps automatically reaching for my phone in its usual place in my pocket. Every instinct in me wants to text someone, 'OMG, I've lost my phone!' but how can do that without a bloody phone?" - Sophie Kinsella
"A man touched me:" - Joseph Gordon-Levitt
"Vic knelt by Lucas's side. 'You look like crap, by the way.'" - Claudia Gray
"I can't go to Amsterdam. One of my doctors thinks it's a bad idea."" - John Green
"If god meant for people to talk into cellphones, he would've put our mouths on the side of our heads." - Devon Sampson
"Your level of neuroses will only find love in a made-for-TV movie." - Michelle Hodkin
"He put on his hat and wrapped his scarf around his jaw, but did without the wig and the sunglasses. He clicked his key chain and the car beeped and the doors locked." - Derek Landy
"I had liked him for all the wrong reasons." - Wendelin Van Draanen
"Does it hurt?" - Rachel Caine
"You can't kill us all, human.'" - Laurell K. Hamilton
"Leap out the window, my inner Tigress cried. You aren't ready to face such a powerful Tiger. I frowned. I thought a true Tigress never backed down from a fight. Don't you know anything? When she's in heat, she avoids everything male. Now run!" - Gena Showalter
"So, Mr. Digence, home to visit the family?"" - Eoin Colfer
"Shane, in case we don’t … don’t come out of this, I wanted to say…" - Rachel Caine
"I’m not trying to—What do teenagers say nowadays?” he asked my grandmother.“Get all up in her biznez,” Nana said.Without cracking a smile.“That’s right,” he replied. “We’re not trying to get all up in your biznez, Ali." - Gena Showalter
"When this is all over, when Van Eck has been put in his place, when Rollins goes running, and the money is paid, these will still be my streets. I can’t live in a city where I can’t hold up my head." - Leigh Bardugo
"The wolf said, "You know, my dear, it isn't safe for a little girl to walk through these woods alone."" - James Finn Garner
"A snap of Rhys’s fingers, and my nightclothes—and some flimsy underthings—appeared on the bed. “I couldn’t decide which scrap of lace I wanted you to wear, so I brought you a few to choose from." - Sarah J. Maas
"Knock yourself out... Or rather, don't." - Eion Colfer
"Kate's Speciality: Killing things, with much bloodshed. Talking trash, infuriating authority. Driving Beast Lord crazy." - Ilona Andrews
"If it weren’t for physics and law enforcement, I’d be unstoppable." - Darynda Jones
"I shouldn't have lost my temper that way. It just pricks his pride, makes him dig in his heels."" - Leigh Bardugo
"A grandmother pretends she doesn't know who you are on Halloween." - Erma Bombeck
"Don’t do anything stupid."" - Brandon Sanderson
"Pops: How about you finish this sentence for me, Jason? When a girl says no she means..." - Gena Showalter
"Whenever I think of something but can't think of what it was I was thinking of, I can't stop thinking until I think I'm thinking of it again. I think I think too much." - Criss Jami
"When I die, I want them to bury me facedown and ass up so that the whole world can kiss my ass!" - Julie Halpern
"In the war room, love? What if someone comes in?" - Maria V. Snyder
"Because he sounded so lost-the Eric I knew had never been one to do anything other than assume others should serve him-I patted around under the covers for his hand. When I found it, I slid my own over it. His palm was turned up to meet my palm, and his fingers clasped mine. And though I would not have thought it possible to go to sleep holding hands with a vampire, that's exactly what I did." - Charlaine Harris
"What were you thinking?" I demanded once we were moving to the music. I was trying to ignore his hands. "Do you know how much trouble you may have gotten me in?"" - Richelle Mead
"What are you?” he demanded. “A slayer?" I rolled my eyes. “The name's Val, not Buffy. Do I look like a blond cheerleader with questionable taste in men?" - Parker Blue
"You've read half the books in this house? This whole house?"" - Trenton Lee Stewart
"No such word as" - Charlie Higson
"In the office, Michael sat behind our father’s desk, clicking away at the computer with his right hand, and making notes with his left. Ambidextrous freak." - Rachel Vincent
"Whatever you do, in the privacy of your own rain shower, is your own business" - Gregory David Roberts
"No one messes around with a nerd’s computer and escapes unscathed." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"I watch the Eruptions. Mount Dad, long dormant, now considered armed and dangerous. Mount Saint Mom, oozing lava, spitting flame. Warn the villagers to run into the sea." - Laurie Halse Anderson
"They said I was a valued customer, now they send me hate mail." - Sophie Kinsella
"How'd you get to be so good at this?"" - Rachel Caine
"Yeah, I get it; you're a vampire," she said. "Creepy. And okay, a little hot, I admit."" - Rachel Caine
"Agatha: "If you say anything smug or stuck-up or shallow, I'll have Reaper follow you home."" - Soman Chainani
"Well, I don’t know how to break this to you, but I think they" - J.K. Rowling
"-"He loved her...It was noble of him. It was beautiful."" - Lloyd Alexander
"I brought you some coffee.” he held out the cup but she waved it away." - Cassandra Clare
"He told me that if you yelled out "JAMBA!" at full volume, all the employees would yell back "JUICE!" He lied." - Morgan Matson
"Claire found herself staring at his feet, which were in bunny slippers." - Rachel Caine
"I'm sure I look like a drowned cat."" - Jennifer L. Armentrout
"Shut up, Julius! I mean, quiet a moment, Commander." - Eoin Colfer
"You know you're a hot mess when the only person buying you drinks all night is yourself." - Chelsea Handler
"He stood and looked at me for a moment, taking in my outfit. "You look hot."" - Morgan Matson
"If anything attacked us, we could just panic at it until it went away." - Seanan McGuire
"" - Brandon Sanderson
"In life, more than in anything else, it isn’t easy to end up alive." - Roman Payne
"Maybe a friend is someone who wants your updates. Even if they're boring. Or sad. Or annoyingly cutesy. A friend says "Sign me up for your boring crap, yes indeed"--because he likes you anyways. He'll tolerate your junk" - E. Lockhart
"My parents didn't raise me to be religious. The closest we come to worship is the Trinity of Visa, Mastercard, and American Express. I think the Merryweather cheerleaders confuse me because I missed out on Sunday School. It has to be a miracle. There is no other explanation. How else could they sleep with the football team on Saturday night and be reincarnated as virginal goddesses on Monday?" - Laurie Halse Anderson
"I hung up the phone, jubilant, and threw myself into a wall, then pretended to be getting electrocuted. I do this when I'm very happy." - Dave Eggers
"My father chose my name , and my last name was chosen by my ancestors . That’s enough, I myself choose my way" - Ali Shariati
"Why is it beautiful that humanity keeps coming back? So does herpes." - Isaac Marion
"He slowed down a bit more. "Gaia, how do you know these things?" She shrugged. "I'm smart." "And modest, too." "Modesty is a waste of time," she pronounced. "I'll keep that in mind." - Francine Pascal
"Drunken men give some of the best pep talks." - Criss Jami
"Arthur shook his head and sat down. He looked up." - Douglas Adams
"Percy looked at his friends. “I’m getting tired of this guy’s shirt." - Rick Riordan
"Get me outa here. F*ckin' creepy cheerleaders." - Lisa McMann
"Nothing like having a warrant for your execution to get a girl motivated." - Maria V. Snyder
"What’s the best part of being in Hermes cabin?" - Rick Riordan
"I just don't believe in helping people who are going to torture me. Though I don't see any bamboo slivers. How can you possibly torture someone without bamboo slivers?" - Laurell K. Hamilton
"And as we leave Donne and Walton on the shores of Metahemeralism, we wave a fond farewell to those famous chums of yore." - Donna Tartt
"Grover: It’s a very sweet love story. I get misty-eyed every time I play it. So does Percy, but I think that’s because he’s laughing at me." - Rick Riordan
"I trust you all slept well,” I said, deliberately keeping my tone light. I returned Malich’s glare with a tight-lipped grin." - Mary E. Pearson
"Life is better than death, I believe, if only because it is less boring, and because it has fresh peaches in it." - Alice Walker
"Lief. That's not nice, considering all your sister has done for you," admonished Perl." - Maria V. Snyder
"So just let me deal with it, I can be emotionally flawed and still love you all at the same time. I’m a great multitasker." - Holly Hood
"He laughs. "Put some clothes on so you don't scare poor Kiara with your morning hard-on."" - Simone Elkeles
"Percy: I thought I’d lost my mom forever, and I was stuck on a hill in a thunderstorm fighting this huge bull dude while Grover was passed out wailing. “Food!” It was terrifying, man." - Rick Riordan
"He'd barely seen me coming, and despite the horribleness of what I'd just done, I kind of wished one of my instructors had been there to grade me on such an awesome performance." - Richelle Mead
"I had a dream about you. You were lost in a daydream, when I walked in and you began screaming. But I know that could never actually happen. In real life I only enter people’s nightmares." - Bauvard
"Don't make me angry-kiss you." - Rainbow Rowell
"Fifteen men on the Dead Man's Chest Yo-ho-ho, and a bottle of rum! Drink and the devil had done for the rest Yo-ho-ho, and a bottle of rum!" - Robert Louis Stevenson
"hey. I just wanted to make sure you got home," I say. "Katniss, I live three houses away from you," he says." - Suzanne Collins
"You don’t have any friends, your sister dumped you, you’re a freak eater..and you’ve got some weird thing about Simon Snow."" - Rainbow Rowell
"He said "cool" like I say a Spanish word when I'm not sure of the pronunciation." - Kelley Armstrong
"He stared at her neck. Realization pulsed. He was looking at the bite he had given her. A hard length was growing against her hip. “So, is that your long, scaly, reptilian tail, or are you just happy to see me?” No, she did not just say that. Did she?" - Thea Harrison
"I'm not a person who thinks they can have it all, but I certainly feel that with a bit of effort and guile I should be able to have more than my fair share." - George Carlin
"No need, no, need. Life is already too short to find it." - Jessica Day George
"Gaia visited her daughter Mnemosyne, who was busy being unpronounceable." - Stephen Fry
"Her lips full and inviting, she has an infectious laugh and glassy cackle in her eyes, and a 2000 volt sexual charisma that beckons me like a fluff girl on scuffed knees." - Brett Tate
"How comes every time I write a book and one of my character's say something remotely offensive, do people stick that “Quote” next to my bloody name on social media? I didn't bloody say it, did I?" - Jimmy Tudeski
"I'm having a panic attack, you inconsiderate ass." - Tahereh Mafi
"Suspicion," he said. "Directed by Alfred Hitchcock. He's a genius." "Starring Cary Grant." When Lucas gave me a look, I added, "You have your priorities, I have mine." - Claudia Gray
"You look angry," he said." - Derek Landy
"Sam's phone buzzed. She fished it out of her pocket, checked the screen, and cursed. "I have to go."" - Rick Riordan
"Just relax and breathe through your ass." - Lewis Black
"Skulduggery."" - Derek Landy
"For 3 million you could give everyone in Scotland a shovel, and we could dig a hole so deep we could hand her over to Satan in person. (on Margaret Thatcher)" - Frankie Boyle
"I like stepping into the future. Therefore, I look for doorknobs." - Mark Rosen
"To most Christians, the Bible is like a software license. Nobody actually reads it. They just scroll to the bottom and click 'I agree'." - Bill Maher
"CONFESSION NO. 18 Girls just want to have fun…and live to tell about it the next day." - Ronda Thompson
"Hence, why Tudeski is only my pen name (stage name – made up name) and I don't use my real surname when I write anything any longer. Clever of me, right? No, not really, my real surname got fucked over by critics long before I actually found out an author could use a pretend name – I just believe it's Tudeski's turn to take some of this shit now!" - Jimmy Tudeski
"When she emerged, Keith was watching the tiny round window of the under-the-counter washing machine." - Maureen Johnson
"Percy: I’ll walk down to the cabins and Connor and Travis are stealing stuff from the camp store, and Silena is arguing with Annabeth trying to give her a new makeover, and Clarisse is still sticking the new kids’ head into the toilets. It’s nice that some things never change." - Rick Riordan
"Jase turned his head to me, brows raised. “If I liked guys—you know, swung that way, I’d get naked after that." - J. Lynn
"What the hell is wrong with you, man? I thought we were cool." - Tahereh Mafi
"Just another part of that Spartan killer instinct. I can slay the ladies just as well as I can reapers." - Jennifer Estep
"Gurathin turned to me. "So you don't have a governor module, but we could punish you by looking at you."" - Martha Wells
"And the last thought he had that morning as he closed his eyes was: I hope the tornado hit the moose." - Gary Paulsen
"I think so,” she [Claire] said. “Just watch your back, okay?" - Rachel Caine
"Halt regarded him. He loved Horace like a younger brother. Even like a second son, after Will. He admired his skill with a sword and his courage in battle. But sometimes, just sometimes, he felt an overwhelming desire to ram the young warrior's head against a convenient tree." - John Flanagan
"I'm a happy person. If you want to be around me, you can either choose to be happy too, or follow the signs to the nearest exit!" - Sharon Swan
"Marry me. Nay, marriage will cost us precious moments together. Let us make sweet, passionate love right here. Let me bear your children." - Kiersten White
"If it works, it will be plenty dramatic. And I suppose that if it doesn't work, it will be even more dramatic, what with the blast."" - Leigh Bardugo
"Hello little one. Did you know you're on private property?"" - Alanea Alder
"I just thought of a great theory that explains everything. When I went to that party, I was abducted by aliens. They have created a fake Earth and fake high school to study me and my reactions. This certainly explains cafeteria food." - Laurie Halse Anderson
"It is easier to tell a person what life is not, rather than to tell them what it is. A child understands weeds that grow from lack of attention, in a garden. However, it is hard to explain the wild flowers that one gardener calls weeds, and another considers beautiful ground cover." - Shannon L. Alder
"WHAT DO WE WANT?! PATIENCE! WHEN DO WE WANT IT?! NOW!" - Al Franken
"You bitch!"" - Rachel Vincent
"I walked to the door where Clovis waited. When I looked up, he was staring at Adam. A quick glance backward confirmed Adam was returning his stare. Freaking males, I thought, they couldn’t be more obvious about their territorial dispute if they’d both peed on me." - Jaye Wells
"And so that means..."" - Ally Carter
"Careful with the accusations of insanity, oh my lady whose home is a tower with windows of brick, all for the sake of some skinny-ankled, laugh-prone boy of a khan." - Shannon Hale
"It's a good thing Jack was no longer in my hands, because I would've pulled a full-on Kylo Ren temper tantrum." - Rick Riordan
"Nothing is impossible to kill. It's just that sometimes after you kill something you have to keep shooting it until it stops moving" - Mira Grant
"I had a dream about you last night. I could fly. I was going to use this power to impress you, but you were too heavy to carry, so I won you over with my personality instead" - Michael  Summers
"I should go in alone," Valkyrie said, speaking loudly to be heard. "If we both go in, it'll look to official."" - Derek Landy
"When Eve ate the apple her knowledge increased. But God liked dumb women so Paradise ceased. Gwen Goodnight. Her Work." - Jennifer Crusie
"I pointed to a low bowl filled with what purported to be stew, but then Noah said, “Are you going" - Michelle Hodkin
"I laughed. It was just like Owen to make excuses for someone else’s shortcomings. Even fictional characters. Owen found my tendency to speak my mind “refreshingly honest,” and hailed Marc’s temper as “a deep protective instinct.” He said Ethan “thoroughly enjoyed life,” and that Parker “really knew how to have a good time.” According to Owen, we were all doing just fine, and all was right with the world." - Rachel Vincent
"Let every man shovel out his own snow, and the whole city will be passable," said Gamache. Seeing Beauvoir's puzzled expression he added, "Emerson."" - Louise Penny
"What kind of person doesn't let you have gummi bears?" - Libba Bray
"I don't know where my ideas come from. I will admit, however, that one key ingredient is caffeine. I get a couple cups of coffee into me and weird things just start to happen." - Gary Larson
"The word "genius" isn't applicable in football. A" - Joe Theismann
"Panicky despair is an underrated element of writing." - Dave Barry
"Travis: I didn’t know they made permanent makeup. I looked like a clown for a month." - Rick Riordan
"Here it comes," she said with an expression of pure bliss. "Drug rush ... any moment now ... the surge of warmth ... bye-bye, Mr. Pain..."" - Becca Fitzpatrick
"Hey, babe, can I sit here?” Elle turned her head and saw Nero standing there, holding a tray." - Sarah Brianne
"Whispers followed me down the hall. Ignoring them was harder than I´d imagined. Every Cell in my body demanded that I confront them. And do what? Jump on them like a crazy spider monkey and take them all out? Yah, not going to win me any fans." - Jennifer L. Armentrout
"He shrugged. “I have a stomach thing. Don’t get close." - Michelle Hodkin
"I had a dream about you last night. The best day of my life was when I taught you how to juggle, but the best day of yours was when you taught someone else." - Michael  Summers
"Be careful, though."" - Veronica Roth
"A hundred people is rather a large handful for the four of us to take on," Malcolm pointed out. "Do you have any ideas about how we're going to handle that task?"" - John Flanagan
"I only snatched him to get your attention,” I said. “Now that I’ve got it, this is what I want." - Kim Harrison
"And you look beautiful," she added." - Andrea Cremer
"She already had a headache-she didn't want to add 'get tortured' to today's to-do list." - C.C. Hunter
"The funny thing about the heart is a soft heart is a strong heart, and a hard heart is a weak heart." - Criss Jami
"Mr. Right is coming, but he's in Africa and he's walking." - Oprah Winfrey
"He’s not that smart." - John Green
"I believe that the government that governs best is a government that governs least, and by these standards we have set up a fabulous government in Iraq." - Stephen Colbert
"He's turned his life around. He used to be depressed and miserable. Now he's miserable and depressed." - David Frost
"One afternoon, when I was four years old, my father came home, and he found me in the living room in front of a roaring fire, which made him very angry. Because we didn't have a fireplace." - Victor Borge
"I wonder if my entire life will be a series of moments in which I realize I’m an idiot long after I can actually do anything about it. Will I ever feel like I know what I’m doing?" - Sabaa Tahir
"I later discovered that in order to be a good athlete one must care intensely what is happening with a ball, even if one doesn't have possession of it. This was ultimately my failure: my inability to work up a passion for the location of balls." - Haven Kimmel
"My grandmother is a little Cuban woman who cooks all day and speaks Spanish. Your grandmother watches pay-per-view porn."" - Janet Evanovich
"The trouble with aggressive nonsmokers is that they feel they are doing you a favor by not allowing you to smoke. They seem to think that one day you'll look back and thank them for those precious fifteen seconds they just added to your life. What they don't understand is that those are just fifteen more seconds you can spend hating their guts and plotting revenge." - David Sedaris
"My imagination is something of a badass." - DC Pierson
"Valkyrie walked to the back door, which hadn't been closed properly, shut it and locked it. There was now a baby in the house, after all. She couldn't take the chance that a wild animal might wander in and make off with Alice, like those dingoes in Australia. She was probably being unfair to both dingoes and Australia, but she couldn't risk it. Locked doors kept the dingoes out, and that's all there was to it, even if she didn't know what a dingo actually was. She took out her phone, searched the Internet, found a picture of a baby dingo and now she really wanted a baby dingo for a pet." - Derek Landy
"I smack myself in the forehead. “Holy priceless collection of Etruscan snoods, they’re not moving!” I exclaim. There’s a choking noise over my head somewhere. “Etruscan snoods?” I glow quietly inside. Some accomplishments mean more than others. I am officially the Shit. Now and forever. “Dude, watch your question marks. I just pried one out of you.” “I have no idea what you’re talking about.” “Admit it, you lost your eternal fecking composure.” “You have an obsession with a delusion about how I end my sentences. What the fuck are Etruscan snoods?” “Dunno. It’s just another of Robin’s sayings. Like, ‘Holy strawberries, Batman, we’re in a jam!’ ” “Strawberries.” “Or, ‘Holy Kleenex, Batman, it was right under our nose and we blew it!’ " - Karen Marie Moning
"It was all Mrs. Bumble. She" - Charles Dickens
"I support gay marriage. I believe they have a right to be as miserable as the rest of us." - Kinky Friedman
"I'm going to take a shower," I said and prepared for the comment I knew was coming." - Chelsea M. Cameron
"[The American President] has to take all sorts of abuse from liars and demagogues.… The people can never understand why the President does not use his supposedly great power to make ’em behave. Well, all the President is, is a glorified public relations man who spends his time flattering, kissing and kicking people to get them to do what they are supposed to do anyway." - Harry S. Truman
"If they wanted their shit stirred, then stirred their shit was jolly well going to be." - Stephen Clarke
"I will eviscerate you in fiction. Every pimple, every character flaw. I was naked for a day; you will be naked for eternity." - Brian Helgeland
"I'M SCOTTISH!" - Elizabeth Wein
"Yes," he said. "I am sure. I double-checked everything after you went home yesterday." - Rachel Caine
"The Doctor: I've seen bigger." - Steven Moffat
"If all women revealed their age, men would have nothing to hide from each other." - Bauvard
"I had a dream about you last night. We watched pornography together, but purely for the storyline." - Michael  Summers
"I had a dream about you last night.. You were playing with chicken livers and told me everyone was in quarantine." - Amy Summers
"Let me ask you something, in all the years that you have...undressed in front of a gentleman has he ever asked you to leave? Has he ever walked out and left? No? It's because he doesn't care! He's in a room with a naked girl, he just won the lottery. I am so tired of saying no, waking up in the morning and recalling every single thing I ate the day before, counting every calorie I consumed so I know just how much self loathing to take into the shower. I'm going for it. I have no interest in being obese, I'm just through with the guilt. So this is what I'm going to do, I'm going to finish this pizza, and then we are going to go watch the soccer game, and tomorrow we are going to go on a little date and buy ourselves some bigger jeans." - Elizabeth Gilbert
"The queen's eyes smouldered. "I know my own kind when I see them, and right now there is one in these city walls." She pointed a finger toward the balcony."I want her found and brought to me."" - Marissa Meyer
"There were no windows in my bedroom, so I had to sit up and read my clock to figure out how angry I should be at my visitor. Eight A.M. I hated whoever woke me up. Had they come an hour earlier, I would have also hated their families and any household pets." - Lish McBride
"Will sat where he was, gazing at the silver bowl in front of him; a white rose was floating in it, and he seemed prepared to stare at it until it went under. In the Kitchen Bridget was still singing one of her awful sad songs; the lyrics drifted in through the door:" - Cassandra Clare
"SHUT UP. Both of you. You're coming with me." To me he said, "Put some pants on."" - David Wong
"I'm way hot," he muttered. "But I don't feel sick. Just — way hot."" - James Patterson
"After climbing off his bike, I smacked his shoulder. “Did you forget I was with you? Are you trying to get me killed?" - Jamie McGuire
"He would have shaved the centaurs, dipped them in honey, covered them with feathers, and hung them up like a bunch of pinatas. I'm just saying." - Warren" - Brandon Mull
"You can’t enjoy art or books in a hurry." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"Shit, man, if I didn’t know you were in a world of pain right now, I’d be filming this." - Tahereh Mafi
"Yesterday, the president met with a group he calls the coalition of the willing. Or, as the rest of the world calls them, Britain and Spain" - Jon Stewart
"He who laughs last ... just didn't get the joke." - Carroll Bryant
"Paperwork wouldn’t be so bad if it weren’t for all the paper. And the work." - Darynda Jones
"He didn't want me to get hurt? Wow. Just wow. I might actually be close to a swoon here" - Jessica Verday
"I hated that the soldier doll had my name. I mean, please. I didn't play with him much. He was another Christmas present from my clueless grandparents. One time when they were visiting, my grandpa asked me if G.I. Joe had been in any wars lately. I said, "No, but he and Ken got married last week." Every Christmas since then, my grandparents have sent me a check." - James Howe
"Girls, on the other hand, have always come easy. I don't know why that is, exactly. Maybe it's the outsider vibe and a well-placed brooding look. Maybe it's something I think I see sometimes in the mirror, something that reminds me of my father. Or maybe I'm just damn easy on the eyes." - Kendare Blake
"He bombarded me with words, of all things, apparently clueless to the fact that the predawn hours rendered me incapable of coherent thought." - Darynda Jones
"Jake wasn't about to be seduced like some schoolgirl. Not by a man who went by the unlikely name of Tornado, not by anyone. He stood as firmly as he could in the mud and tore his mouth from the kiss, staring into too dark eyes. As his hands made their way into Tor's wet jeans he said, "This doesn't mean I like you, you know." - Chris Owen
"Intelligence is more important than strength, that is why earth is ruled by men and not by animals." - Amit Kalantri
"There are very few personal problems that can't be solved with a suitable application of high explosives." - Darynda Jones
"His heavy-lidded gaze reflected a languor that had nothing to do with having just awakened, and there was no doubt what was on his mind. But this is no safe cherry picker, Gwen thought, growing more concerned by the moment." - Karen Marie Moning
"Iggy. This is not a democracy," I said,(...)"It's" - James Patterson
"1. You left a multipack of Mars Bars on top of your wardrobe. Can I have one? Dad x" - Holly Smale
"...she's leaving now." - Lisa McMann
"Elizabeth."" - Shay Savage
"They say the content and the cover are the most important things when it comes to a book or a novel, right? I totally disagree – The reader is the most important thing to a book" - Jimmy Tudeski
"You know how I think they choose people for Gryffindor team?" said Malfoy loudly a few minutes later, as Snape awarded Hufflepuff another penalty for now reason at all. "It's people they feel sorry for. See, there's Potter, who's got no parents, then there's the Weasleys, who've got no money - you should be on the team, Longbottom, you've got no brains." - J.K. Rowling
"This is an Aston Martin, Gin.You don't run over dead bodies in an Aston Matin."" - Jennifer Estep
"(Aries can be impatient)" - Jimmy Tudeski
"Whoa. Not too stiff," Cody said. "Secure, strong, but calm. Like you're caressing a beautiful woman, remember?"" - Brandon Sanderson
"So hologram means--" I finally said." - Rachel Hawkins
"And when demigods use cell phones, the signals agitate every monster within a hundred miles. It's like sending up a flare: Here I am! Please rearrange my face!" - Rick Riordan
"Yes, I'm back," he said, "And look who I ran into."" - John Flanagan
"Nothing so fortifies a friendship as a belief on the part of one friend that he is superior to the other." - Honore de Balzac
"Somehow, Sydney had an internal clock that told her when time was up. I think it was part of her inherent ability to keep track of a hundred things at once. Not me. In these moments, my thoughts were usually focused on getting her shirt off and whether I’d get past the bra this time. So far, I hadn’t." - Richelle Mead
"Log Entry: SOL 118" - Andy Weir
"I’m not aspiring to be someone else – If I’m me for the rest of my life then so be it" - Terry Lander
"But Amy," Elder says. "Space suits!" - Beth Revis
"I guess I like things that take time and attention. More worthwhile that way." - Huntley Fitzpatrick
"She was the most wonderful woman for prowling about the house. How she got from one story to another was a mystery beyond solution. A lady so decorous in herself, and so highly connected, was not to be suspected of dropping over the banisters or sliding down them, yet her extraordinary facility of locomotion suggested the wild idea." - Charles Dickens
"Friends are like bras, attached near your heart for support. Foes are like panties, deported, every now and then, when they get dirty." - Santosh Kalwar
"Hatsuharu Sohma: [after tripping Kyo] If I hadn't had tripped you, you wouldn't have stopped now would you." - Natsuki Takaya
"I felt my cheeks turn red, and she laughed out loud. But I didn't mind too much, because the last thing she saw was my middle finger aimed in her direction as I stepped outside" - Jessica Verday
"Look at him,” she said, shaking her head. “Travis Maddox: Mr. Mom." - Jamie McGuire
"No bikinis on a first date.” He nods. “I’m sure that’s a rule. Or should be. For my sisters anyway." - Huntley Fitzpatrick
"It's sick and twisted and violent. Other than that it is totally G rated." - Elizabeth Cruickshank
"That cat doesn't have a lick of sense,' I said, sighing." - Haven Kimmel
"Jean grinned down at her, and she handed him something in a small silk bag." - Scott Lynch
"Do you see that man in the black Porsche?" I asked the women." - Janet Evanovich
"If the Lord hasn't got a boyfriend lined up for me to marry, that's his business." - Barbara Kingsolver
"Is there any good news?' Tesla said." - Clive Barker
"I read the title from the cover. ' 'The joy of... crap.' ' I read the rest of the full title of the thick, nondescript volume to myself and felt myself redden." - Michelle Hodkin
"Why?' He asked." - Michelle Hodkin
"Master Kell,” said Alucard, cheerfully. “What an unexpected pleasure, running into you here.” His voice had a natural undercurrent of laughter in it, and Kell could never tell if he was being mocked." - V.E. Schwab
"That's the problem with best friends. Sometimes they know you better than you know yourself." - Cecily von Ziegesar
"Now that that's settled, you're coming with me."" - Amanda Bouchet
"Anyway... she knows a guy who knows a guy who knows a horse who knows a goat who knows another horse-" - Rick Riordan
"Marc’s hand tightened visibly around Kevin’s fingers, his digits going white. Again. Both men clenched their jaws, Kevin in pain, and Marc in an obvious effort to control his temper and keep from breaking Kevin’s hand. Off. Why couldn’t guys find a more original way to test each other’s manly prowess? Arm wrestling might have been more subtle. Or maybe comparing the length of their…canines." - Rachel Vincent
"What? Quinn's one of them? I just thought he was an a*shole!" - Simon Holt
"My tiny scary friend is coming" - Laini Taylor
"Her name badge read: Hello! My name is DIE, DEMIGOD SCUM!" - Rick Riordan
"Isn't that someone we know?" asked Horace. He pointed to where a cloaked figure sat by the side of the road a few hundred meters away, arms wrapped around his knees. Close by him, a small shaggy horse cropped the grass growing at the edge of the drainage ditch that ran beside the road." - John Flanagan
"The rabbit of Easter. He bring of the chocolate." - David Sedaris
"I'm healthy as an ox. And you?" "To compare myself with a bovine would be both ridiculous and insulting, but I'm fit as ever, if that is what you are asking." - Christopher Paolini
"There had to be a circle of Hell where you were eternally fourteen, eternally in junior high. One of the lower circles." - Laurell K. Hamilton
"There's no equality in the blow job, if all you ever do is suck at it!" - Jimmy Tudeski
"I am not forgotten, you know, no, I still receive a very great deal of fan mail." - J.K. Rowling
"Are you okay with what we ordered?” Angeline asked him. “You didn’t pipe up with any requests." - Richelle Mead
"Don’t lick the guests, darling. Bad manners." - Patricia Briggs
"You've brushed your teeth," He says, staring at me." - E.L. James
"Barzûl!" - Christopher Paolini
"I had died and woken up in High School Musical" - Jamie McGuire
"Cat, hmmm? From where I sit you look more like a Kitten."" - Jeaniene Frost
"Trust her; we girls are two sheets short of psycho when it comes to our special little time." - Sandi Lynn
"This was not Aunt Dahlia, my good and kindly aunt, but my Aunt Agatha, the one who chews broken bottles and kills rats with her teeth." - P.G. Wodehouse
"There was the smell of old books, a smell that has a way of making all libraries seem the same. Some say that smell is asbestos. " - Scott Douglas
"Nerd life is just so much better than regular life." - John Green
"Stomp stomp." - Douglas Adams
"What is it about hairdressers? You tell them 'not too short' and some part of their hairdresser brain hears this as 'whack the shit out of it.' If you never say, 'not too short,' everything is fine. You say it, & it's a guarantee you'll come out ready for the military>" - Deb Caletti
"You all right, man?'" - Ned Vizzini
"I am, he thought dimly, watching a vampire take a piss." - Stephen King
"pg. 231-232: They'd given me a minivan. They could have picked any car and they picked a minivan. A minivan. O God of the Vehicular Justice, why dost thou mock me? Minivan, you albatross around my neck! You mark of Cain! You wretched beast high ceilings and few horsepower!" - John Green
"The coldest depth of Hell is reserved for people who abandon kittens." - Robert A. Heinlein
"Plus, in one of his e-mails, the guy said he didn't like pancakes. What kind of asshole doesn't like pancakes? " - A.J. Jacobs
"And it's really very difficult to kill someone when all your inner instincts would oblige you to take off your hat first!" - Susan Kay
"Try again, I've gotten much better at detecting your bullshit" - Alexandra Bracken
"Furthermore--though it was quite irrelevant now--he had no idea his killer, Kazuo Kiriyama, had, in his mansion that was much larger than Toshinori's home in Shiroiwa-cho, mastered the violin at a level far superior to Toshinori's a long time ago--and then tossed his violin into the trash." - Koushun Takami
"So the plan wasn't a clusterfuck, it was just circling the clusterfuck target zone, getting ready to come in for a landing." - Martha Wells
"Prove to me that you are not a figment of my imagination." - Jessica Park
"Lusty blacksmiths and naughty princesses. Now that's scary" - Simon Holt
"Did I ever tell you the difference between a Northern fairy tale and a Southern one?" she asked him, indulging herself and letting her head rest on his shoulder. God, he felt good. Her man. Where her head was meant to lie, right there, on him." - Erin McCarthy
"Ow, Todd? Ow?" - Patrick Ness
"In this world only the paranoid survive." - Dean Koontz
"Would you have done that in his place? Would you have left him and gone on?"" - John Flanagan
"Boy, you knock on the devil's door and he will head slam you through the wall." - Sherrilyn Kenyon
"Always drink upstream from the herd." - Will Rogers
"Caroline, do you value your neck?"" - Julia Quinn
"You’re far too prickly tempered to be a mistress. You’re far better suited as a wife." - Lisa Kleypas
"I'll get them out and come back. I promise."" - Leigh Bardugo
"He thinks things through too much." - Stephenie Meyer
"All right I think we've been down here in the dark long enough. There's a whole other world upstairs. Take my hand, Constant Reader, and I'll be happy to lead you back into the sunshine. I'm happy to go there because I believe most people are essentially good. I know that I am. It's you I'm not entirely sure of." - Stephen King
"That awkward moment when you jump out a window because your friend jumped out a window, then you remember that your other friend can fly." - Rick Riordan
"Sort of' is such a harmless thing to say... sort of. It's just a filler. Sort of... it doesn't really mean anything. But after certain things, sort of means everything. Like... after "I love you"... or "You're going to live"... or "It's a boy!" - Demetri Martin
"He watched in awe as she stacked up an enormous armload of music. "There," she finished, slapping Frank Zappa's Greatest Hits on top of the pile. "That should do for a start."" - Gordon Korman
"No,” Shane said. “I’m not leaving you two here alone. We stick together." - Rachel Caine
"I’m busy, you’re busy, everybody’s busy. I’ve got a lot I want to say to you, though.” “All right,” Pia told her. “Hit me with it.” “First, I’m so sorry about what my uncle Urien did to you guys. I hate him, he killed my family, and we’re going to cut off his head, and then I have to be Queen, but before that happens let’s do lunch, okay?" - Thea Harrison
"CPR dummy looked like him and had clearly been stabbed. Repeatedly. In the groin. He thought she might have used the dummy for target practice, and tried not to be offended. Key word: tried." - Gena Showalter
"Every time you try to flirt with her, a puppy dies." - Maureen Johnson
"Who are you and how did you get in here?" "I'm a locksmith. And, I'm a locksmith." - Leslie Nielsen
"Okay, I'll wear the Bite Me shirt,[...]It'll be my standard response to any­one who tries to hit on me." I giggle. "Someone can come up and be like 'Hey babe, what's your sign?' and I'll just point to my shirt." Rayne laughs appreciatively and tosses me the tank top. "Of course they might think you're pointing to your boobs in a 'have at 'em, big boy' kind of way." - Mari Mancusi
"The problem with our society is that our values aren’t in the right place. There’s an awful lot of bleeding and naked bodies on prime-time networks, but not nearly enough cable television on public programming." - Bauvard
"But — why would she break up with you? Why was she crying?” At this, I laugh again." - Tahereh Mafi
"The small amount of foolery wise men have makes a great show." - William Shakespeare
"You were with Margo Roth Spiegelman last night? At THREE A.M.? I nodded. Alone? I nodded. Oh my God, if you hooked up with her, you have to tell me every single thing that happened. You have to write me a term paper on the look and feel of Margo Roth Spiegelman's breasts. Thrity pages, minimum! I want you to do a photo-realistic pencil drawing. A sculpture would also be acceptable. I was wondering if it would be possible for you to write a sestina about Margo Roth Spiegelman's breasts? Your six words are: pink, round, firmness, succulent, supple, and pillowy. Personally, I think at least one of the words should be buhbuhbuhbuh." - John Green
"Want to dance? We have music this time. And I don't have to punch you when we finish." - Amy Tintera
"When you are angry try your best to go to sleep, it keeps you away from speaking, writing and thinking while you are angry." - Amit Kalantri
"Isobel moved farther into the kitchen, not knowing whether to be relieved that her mother hadn't had an atomic meltdown, or mortified that she'd taken it upon herself to play head chef with the nearest thing Trenton High had to a Dark Lord." - Kelly Creagh
"We were talking about the prince,' Sansa said, her voice soft as a kiss." - George R.R. Martin
"HERE LIES THE MYSTERY PISSER" - Wendelin Van Draanen
"Bike lane: the section of the road that accommodates wide loads and has speed bumps to protect drunk drivers." - Bauvard
"When she absently worried her bottom lip with one of her adorable little fangs, he sighed." - Kresley Cole
"I am an artist you know ... it is my right to be odd." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"Right. So no plans at all then?"" - Rachel Hawkins
"Well, that cinched it. He was an asshole. I was definitely going to end up sleeping with him." - Molly Harper
"Maybe we should have gone with him," he said, a few minutes after his friend was lost to sight." - John Flanagan
"Now listen, we need to be quiet as mice. No, quieter than that. As quiet as . . . as . . ." - Trenton Lee Stewart
"Restaurants are minefields for the socially inept" - Graeme Simsion
"Uh... ," Ivy stammered, and I glanced up to see her eyes wide in consideration." - Kim Harrison
"I decided early in graduate school that I needed to do something about my moods. It quickly came down to a choice between seeing a psychiatrist or buying a horse. Since almost everyone I knew was seeing a psychiatrist, and since I had an absolute belief that I should be able to handle my own problems, I naturally bought a horse." - Kay Redfield Jamison
"I also don't trust Caribou anymore. They're out there, on the tundra, waiting... Something's going down. I'm right about this." - joss whedon
"She was hearing the words. They just weren't registering on her Richter scale of sanity." - Dakota Cassidy
"Well, well, well,” Santa said once the elf had retreated. “Come and sit on my lap, little boy." - Rachel Cohn
"Was it animal pee or human pee? Someone asked." - John Green
"Don't you want to know what cookies is a code word for?"" - Jennifer L. Armentrout
"We men are fascinated by the things we don't really understand. It gives us something to think and talk about: like females, they drive us nuts." - Criss Jami
"It's rude to stare, but the great thing about staring at a sedated person is that they don't know you're doing it." - Maggie Stiefvater
"He watched me rake my fingers through the tangles in my hair and smiled." - Jamie McGuire
"Stick." I said in Russian. I had no clue what the word for stake was. I pointed at the silver ring I wore and made a slashing motion. "Stick. where?"" - Richelle Mead
"And my piece of advice is...don't flirt with any of the female instructors. They all have access to weapons bigger than yours." - Simone Elkeles
"He stepped back with exaggerated courtesy. But when I walked past him, he swatted my rump. Hard enough to sting." - Patricia Briggs
"Because there's no way on earth she's going to make it through college unless she grows some serious ovaries and turns this train wreck around" - Lisa McMann
"Oh, hell, he'd look hot in a chicken suit." - Cyn Balog
"Royce looked back down at the stream below. "She doesn't even know me. What if she doesn't like me? Few people do."" - Michael J.  Sullivan
"This is Sailor Supergirl,” George says. “She knows all about black holes." - Huntley Fitzpatrick
"Poison." he said, deadpan. "That's an unusual name to give your child. You must love her very much."" - Chris Wooding
"The girl says "Oh uh-uh, wait a minute! Wait a minute! Just because I'm dressed this way does not make me a whore!" Which is true, Gentlemen, that is true. Just because they dress a certain way doesn't mean they are a certain way. Don't even forget it. But ladies, you must understand that is fucking confusing. It just is. Now that would be like me, Dave Chappelle, the comedian, walking down the street in a cop uniform. Somebody might run up on me saying, "Oh, thank God. Officer, help us! Come on. They're over here. Help us!" "Oh-hoh! Just because I'm dressed this way does not make me a police officer!" See what I mean? All right, ladies, fine. You are not a whore. But you are wearing a whore's uniform." - Dave Chappelle
"I remember the will said, 'May God thy gold refine.' That must be from the Bible."" - Ellen Raskin
"I’m tired of ignorance held up as inspiration, where vicious anti-intellectualism is considered a positive trait, and where uninformed opinion is displayed as fact." - Phil Plait
"I used to work at the unemployment office. I hated it, because when they fired me, I had to show up to work anyway." - Wally Wang
"When nobody practices what they strongly believe in, that day will be a triumph of prudence." - Bauvard
"The dark prince sat astride his black steed, his sable cape flowing behind him. A golden circlet bound his blond locks, his handsome face was cold with the rage of battle, and..." - Cassandra Clare
"Gundar seemed to come to a decision." - John Flanagan
"How much detention did you get?" - Stephanie Perkins
"I shot him a look. "That bouncer was really big."" - Jennifer L. Armentrout
"A nickel ain't worth a dime anymore." - Yogi Berra
"Alright, good night,” he said, his words a little slurred. “But before I pass out, I want you to know that you’re the hottest biscuit this side of the gravy boat." - Erin McCarthy
"You. Me. Exorcist." - Jeaniene Frost
"There wasn't a lot of bullshit in my heaven." - Alice Sebold
"The recipe for great art has always been misery and a good bowel movement." - Don Roff
"Our nannas are losers." - Barbara Park
"Boomer took bites of all six varieties, contemplating each one and "guring out the order in which he would then eat them. “I like the" - David Levithan
"I know who I am. Bloody hell, I'm getting enough bills for Karl Pilkington so I hope I am him, 'cos if I'm not, I have no idea who I'm paying for." - Karl Pilkington
"Artists are the serfs of a leisure society." - Bauvard
"Look, why don't you go talk to Ron about all this?" Harry asked." - J.K. Rowling
"The rule is perfect: in all matters of opinion our adversaries are insane." - Mark Twain
"By trying we can easily learn to endure adversity – another man’s, I mean." - Mark Twain
"Does Hallmark make a “Sorry I tried to drink your blood and touched you in a vaguely inappropriate manner” card? I settled for “How much do you remember?" - Molly Harper
"The doctor seemed especially troubled by the fact of the robbery having been unexpected, and attempted in the night-time; as if it were the established custom of gentlemen in the housebreaking way to transact business at noon, and to make an appointment, by the twopenny post, a day or two previous." - Charles Dickens
"Did you know that Gideon and I were trained in Krav Maga?" Charlotte took another step closer to me, and I automatically took one back." - Kerstin Gier
"And tell them what?" Jace said witheringly. "That invisible people are bothering you? Trust me, little girl, the police aren't going to arrest someone they can't see" - Cassandra Clare
"Little James Herondale, age two, was in fact holding a dagger quite well. He stabbed it into a sofa cushion, sending out a burst of feathers." - Cassandra Clare
"CONFESSION NO. 1 Most women find the bloating, cramping, and bitchiness of PMS bothersome at worst. I turn into a monster a week before my period…literally." - Ronda Thompson
"I had a dream about you last night.. You were balancing ten tiny footballs on your nose while dancing with a turquoise unicorn." - Amy Summers
"Daddy is trying really fugging hard to think of a not-terrifying reason why you'd wake Daddy up in the middle of the night to ask that fugging question. But no. No. Daddy does not have a match or a lighter." - John Green
"" - Kristen Ashley
"I had a dream about you last night... you kept meowing at people and licking yourself it was not unlike you normally." - Nicole McKay
"Behind me, Marc made a soft whistling sound, clearly impressed. “That’s not standard procedure,” he said, his tone entirely too reasonable as he leaned over the stray’s body to open the back passenger-side door." - Rachel Vincent
"I hope that the kind reader recognises this as a despairing attempt at humour." - Nancy Springer
"Oh," she said, in a very different way. "Well. Thanks for my part in the compliment. Naturally I'd love to be watched and controlled, but I think I may be washing my hair that day." - Sarah Rees Brennan
"I never meant it," he was saying." - Rachel Caine
"Nobody calls me 'blondie' and keeps their kneecaps." - Cassandra Clare
"Though Alec had never seen the occupants of the first floor loft, they seemed to be engaged in a tempestuous romance. Once there had been a bunch of someone's belongings strewn all over the landing with a note attached to a jacket lapel addressed to "A lying liar who lies." Right now there was a bouquet of flowers taped to the door with a card tucked among the blooms that read I'M SORRY. That was the thing about New York: you always knew more about your neighbors' business than you wanted to." - Cassandra Clare
"I sometimes give myself excellent advice. Occasionally, I even listen to it." - Jim Butcher
"For the first time in my life, I was in a shoot-out. A real, honest-to-goodness shoot-out with a bad guy. And, apparently, we both sucked." - Darynda Jones
"One more lesson like that and I might just do a Weasley." - J.K. Rowling
"Yeah,” said Harry. “No more pretending we care what happens when Jupiter and Uranus get too friendly . . ." - J.K. Rowling
"The tavern keeper, a wiry man with a sharp-nosed face, round, prominent ears and a receding hairline that combined to give him a rodentlike look, glanced at him, absentmindedly wiping a tankard with a grubby cloth. Will raised an eyebrow as he looked at it. He'd be willing to bet the cloth was transferring more dirt to the tankard then it was removing." - John Flanagan
"Some girls want to be a princess when they grow up. I wanted to be in a bad bitch girl gang." - Natalia Kills
"Claire said. “I might be able to get him to stop." - Rachel Caine
"All of my best friends are dead people. Someday I've got to figure out how that happened." - Claudia Gray
"No, no. Don't make that face. Every time I propose to you, you make that twisty, unhappy face. It wears on a man's confidence." - Tessa Dare
"When does anyone in the world utter those (Harmlessly flirting) words? When they're caught doing something wrong, right? Then how the fuck is it EVER considered harmless, if someone is ALWAYS going to be hurt by those words being said? There's NO harmless in harmless flirting and the sooner the world agrees with this, the sooner people will stop getting hurt by it being said all the bloody time!" - Jimmy Tudeski
"She's fifteen!"" - Rachel Vincent
"I want to change my life...except I sort of like it. I mean, I couldn't be more delighted every Monday night after Fletch goes to bed when I come downstairs, pull up the Bachelor on TiVo, drink Riesling, and eat cheddar/port wine Kaukauna cheese without freakign out over fat grams. I'm perpetually in a good mood because I do everything I want. I love having the freedom to skip the gym to watch a Don Knots movie on the Disney Channel without a twinge of guilt. I've figured out how to not be beholden to what other people believe I should be doing, and when the world tells me I ought to be a size eight, I can thumb my nose at them in complete empowerment." - Jen Lancaster
"You are the Energizer Bunny for badasses. -Ash" - Sherrilyn Kenyon
"Ladies and gentleman," he said over the speakers, "welcome aboard this recently liberated Gulfstream V. If I could have your attention for just a few moments, I'd like to go over the safety features of this aircraft. It has an engine, to make us go, and wings, to keep us in the air. There are seatbelts, which won't do you an awful lot of good if we fly into the side of a mountain." - Derek Landy
"Remember the days when you let your child have some chocolate if he finished his cereal? Now, chocolate is one of the cereals." - Robert Orben
"So I have. Let me hold the baby, Scarlett. Oh, I know how to hold babies. I have many strange accomplishments. Well, he certainly looks like Frank. All except the whiskers, but give him time." - Margaret Mitchell
"You can go back to blacksmithing in Hintindar and live a quiet happy life. Do me a favor and marry some pretty farm girl and train your son to beat the crap out of imperial knights."" - Michael J.  Sullivan
"Google “brooklyn writer” and you’ll get," - COLSON WHITEHEAD
"I mean, drink driving is bad, drug driving is bad, but what is driving whilst under the influence of a fuc%ing nymphomaniac in your lap? How many years will this get me, if I do manage to keep my eyes on the road and not drive us off it first?" - Jimmy Tudeski
"Pritkin muttered something that sounded fairly vicious. “My clothes are warded! Even if I wished to accede to your demand, it would not work on them." - Karen Chance
"Don't be afraid to be afraid." - D. Antoinette Foy
"Larry’s such a liar---" - Shel Silverstein
"I lost my balance when the train pulled away, but a human crumple zone buffered my fall. We stayed like that, half fallen. Diagonal People." - David Mitchell
"Ma'am,' Augustus said, nodding toward her, 'your daughter's car has just been deservedly egged by a blind man. Please close the door and go back inside or we'll be forced to call the police.' After wavering for a moment, Monica's mom closed the door and disappeared." - John Green
". . . and together you're what, the Super Friends?" - Mark Jeffrey
"Besides, if you ever did eat some bad food, I could still find a use for you. I've always wanted a cat-drawn carriage."" - Marissa Meyer
"Dallas popped his jaw. “I do not cackle. I bitch like a he-man." - Gena Showalter
"First rule of thievery,' Eli said, grinning, 'only run if you're not coming back.' (...) 'First rule of thievery, never use the same entrance twice.' Miranda rolled her eyes. 'How many 'first rules' of thievery do you have?' 'When one mistake can mean your head on a pike, every rule's a first rule,' Eli said cheerfully." - Rachel Aaron
"POZZO:" - Samuel Beckett
"When in doubt, poke the beehive with a stick to see if anything interesting flies out." - Ilona Andrews
"He shook his head. He didn't know. He couldn't tell when he had woken fully. He walked to the horses. They definitely seemed alarmed. But then, they would. After all, he had just leapt to his feet unexpectedly, waving his saxe knife around like a lunatic." - John Flanagan
"Manchee comes outta the bushes and sits down next to me cuz I’ve stopped right there in the middle of a trail. He looks around to see what I might be seeing and then he says, ”Good poo, Todd." - Patrick Ness
"I look like a biker slut from hell meets soldier of fortune pinup." - Laurell K. Hamilton
"Pull the hair on my head the wrong way, and I would be on my knees begging for mercy. I have very sensitive follicles." - Benedict Cumberbatch
"Instead of finding himself in nerd heaven—where every nerd gets fifty-eight virgins to role-play with—he woke up in Robert Wood Johnson with two broken legs and a separated shoulder, feeling like, well, he'd jumped off the New Brunswick train bridge." - Junot Diaz
"I never arrive unannounced without something big and juicy in hand." - dannika dark
"Have you ever started to wave at someone and then realized they weren’t really waving at you, so you abort and go for a head scratch instead? That’s how I felt." - Tim Tharp
"Looks like he's lost a guinea and found a farthing," Horace said, then added, unnecessarily, "Will, I mean."" - John Flanagan
"I’m faster than the rest of you, if .. Because I’m a vampire,” Michael said, and it was some kind of breakthrough for him to say that. “If you get in trouble, I’ll be there." - Rachel Caine
"I swore I'd never become some lord's brainless arm ornament and political host, but I've become far worse. I'm a glorified housekeeper and sperm donor." - J.L. Langley
"I'm jealous of your hooks," Kevin replied. "Having no hands is better than having two equally strong hands."" - Lemony Snicket
"You need to be more careful, or you could hurt yourself."" - Janette Rallison
"Some people were just getting on with their lives, chatting, being young. It simply wouldn't do." - Russell Brand
"Foul!" yelled Jamie, who seemed extremely happy not to be the one facing a blade. "Distracting technique! Put your shirt back on right now." - Sarah Rees Brennan
"I threw an etiquette party and served nothing but beans and sparkling water. The topic of conversation was ‘excuse me’." - Bauvard
"You have the maturity of a 14-year-old boy!“ Kennedy hisses." - Emma Chase
"Small men oft feel a need to prove their courage with unseemly boasts," he declared. "I doubt if he could kill a duck."" - George R.R. Martin
"Are you ever going to kiss me without swearing first?" - Christine Feehan
"A man wants too many things before marriage, but only peace after it." - Pawan Mishra
"she committed suicide by putting her extremities down the garbage disposal-first one arm and then, kind of miraculously if you think about it, the other arm." - David Foster Wallace
"Say, ‘Thank you, Phin.’ " - Jennifer Crusie
"And I'm sure than in Poland, or somewhere, it is considered cool to drive a Porsche and wear necklaces and black silk, but at least back in Brooklyn if you did those things you were either a drug dealer or from New Jersey." - Meg Cabot
"Did I just get psychically pimp-slapped by a little old lady?" - Molly Harper
"Belatedly, I notice how much easier it is to walk on these sticks when you can't feel your legs. Lesson number one for hooch wear, be drunk. It might make dancing more of a challenge, but I wasn't feeling a thing and it was beautiful." - Harper Sloan
"Nothing is as irritating to a shy man as a confident girl." - Mokokoma Mokhonoana
"A man is always devoted to something more tangible than a woman - the idea of her." - Bauvard
"Prithee," He protested, "if thou wouldst waiteth a goddamned second-" - Tessa Dare
"" - Lilith Saintcrow
"Aaaaw," squealed Iko. "Did Wold just say he loves Scarlet? That's so cute!"" - Marissa Meyer
"I started down but Sam caught my arm and knelt down himself to look." - Maggie Stiefvater
"There's a tavern by the docks. He's there most evenings."" - John Flanagan
"I prefer dead writers because you don't run into them at parties." - Fran Lebowitz
"I was making pancakes the other day and a fly flew into the kitchen. And that's when I realized that a spatula is a lot like a fly swatter. And a crushed fly is a lot like a blueberry. And a roommate is a lot like a fly eater." - Demetri Martin
"Do I look like the kind of person who wastes time turning goats into pin cushions?" - L.J. Smith
"And since I’m marrying into the Quartet, I have certain privileges and duties. If you’re sleeping with Laurel—" - Nora Roberts
"Please. If you were mostly dead in the middle of the road I'd obviously stop. And then I'd watch you die."" - Elizabeth Scott
"You're dropping the bow hand as you release," he called, although Halt certainly wasn't." - John Flanagan
"It was like hiking into a Hemingway story; everything was sepia-toned and bristling with subtext." - Leslie What
"Anything for you, Dru. And I mean it. Now, be quiet and let me concentrate." - Lili St. Crow
"Setting out around midnight, I couldn't help shaking my head, "We're the goddamned hottest vampire hunters ever." I muttered." - Richelle Mead
"You have food?" Winter scolded. "I thought you said you were hungry."" - Obert Skye
"Then I say, "Let's go and brush our teeth." So Lola says, "But Charlie, I can't brush my teeth because somebody is using my tooth." "But who would use your toothbrush?" I ask. Lola says "I think that lion. I saw a lion with my toothbrush and now he's brushing his teeth with it." "But it isn't this your toothbrush Lola?" "Oh," says Lola, "he must be using yours." - Lauren Child
"The man may be the head of the household. But the woman is the neck, and she can turn the head whichever way she pleases." - Nia Vardalos
"Is that all you bought?” His eyes shot to the left. “Um.” I clenched my teeth. “What else?” “A Super Mega Juicer,” he said quickly. “But, Sabina, seriously that juicer is a miracle machine.” “I’m a vampire, Giguhl. The only liquids I drink are blood and alcohol. I don’t do juice." - Jaye Wells
"I shook my head. She kissed my cheek, then on her way out patted Zachary's shoulder in a way that said," - Jeri Smith-Ready
"I'd like to thank readers. Every time you open a book, it is a strike against ignorance. Unless you're reading Sarah Palin." - Libba Bray
"Pleased to meet you." Sage said, offering his hand. "The pleasure is all mine," Rayna Purred. "Unless ofcourse, it's all Clea's which is even better."" - Hilary Duff
"this was business." - Eoin Colfer
"This is stolen? We're in a stolen jet?"" - Derek Landy
"Donegan Bane and Gracious O'Callahan - the Monster Hunters. Adventurers, inventors, authors of" - Derek Landy
"" - Justin Somper
"Right. Because if you have trouble putting ketchup and mustard on a hot dog, you should totally move on to saving lives." - Huntley Fitzpatrick
"You said you'd give me half an hour!'" - Kresley Cole
"I'm not going to have some reporters pawing through our papers. We are the president." - Hillary Rodham Clinton
"All right," Shannen says slowly, tucking a lock of dark brown hair behind her ear. "Why did you glue that dolphin upside down?"" - Tera Lynn Childs
"What kind of good deeds? Like Girl Scouts? Because I got kicked out of Brownies and they won't give me another chance to keep my clothes on at camp." - Haven Kimmel
"You’re not the only one in this relationship who loves a" - Simone Elkeles
"Everything has taken on a strange, distant quality - the sounds of running and shouting outside get warped and weird like they're being filtered through water, and Alex looks miles away. I start to think I might be dreaming, or about to pass out." - Lauren Oliver
"No headboards were broken." - John Green
"Butterfly?" Will said. "Why Butterfly?"" - John Flanagan
"Horace, who had been trying to find out the meaning of Kurokuma for some time now, was pleased to hear the translation." - John Flanagan
"They really hate you, yes they do. They hate everyone, how 'bout you?" - Kami Garcia
"I've had so many bikini waxes, I cry every time I see a Popsicle stick." - Libba Bray
"Sam gave Captain Suicide a droll stare. "How did you die again? Oh wait, I know this. 'I can take 'em. I don't need to wait for reinforcements. I can do it myself.' How'd that work out for you again?" - Sherrilyn Kenyon
"Forgive me....I called you an idiot. I spoke too hastily. You are not. Had I given it more thought, I would have called you a scoundrel." - Lloyd Alexander
"Maruman does not loll." - Isobelle Carmody
"Oh please," Scout said."Don't take that tone with me. You know you'd love to have a minion. Someone at your beck and call. Someone to do your bidding. How many times have you said to yourself," Self, I need a unicorn to run errands and such?" - Chloe Neill
"I didn't dream about you last night. I woke up in fear." - Michael  Summers
"Her eyes went so wide they nearly bulged. It was probably wrong of me to find that amusing. Or to want to take a photo of Nicholas with his fangs out and wearing a black cape lined with red satin and then hang it over my pillow in a heart-shaped frame." - Alyxandra Harvey
"I got my wife a mood ring. It works real good! When shes in a good mood it turns blue, but when shes in a bad mood theres a red mark across my forehead" - Jeff Foxworthy
"I don’t read biographies for moral instruction, or for a history lesson. I want to know what people are saying about me." - Bauvard
"I like eggs and bacon,” George tells me. “But”—his face clouds—“do you know that bacon is”—tears leap to his eyes—“Wilbur?” Mrs. Garrett sits down next to him immediately. “George, we’ve been through this. Remember? Wilbur did not get made into bacon.” “That’s right.” I bend down too as wetness overflows George’s lashes. “Charlotte the spider saved him. He lived a long and happy life—with Charlotte’s daughters, um, Nelly and Urania and—” “Joy,” Mrs. Garrett concludes. “You, Samantha, are a keeper. I hope you don’t shoplift.”I start to cough. “No. Never.” “Then is bacon Babe, Mom? Is it Babe?”“No, no, Babe’s still herding sheep. Bacon is not Babe. Bacon is only made from really mean pigs,George.” Mrs. Garrett strokes his hair, then brushes his tears away.“Bad pigs,” I clarify.“There are bad pigs?” George looks nervous. Oops.“Well, pigs with, um, no soul.” That doesn’t sound good either. I cast around for a good explanation. “Like the animals that don’t talk in Narnia.” Dumb. George is four. Would he know Narnia yet? He’s still at Curious George.But understanding lights his face. “Oh. That’s okay then. ’Cause I really like bacon." - Huntley Fitzpatrick
"Every culture has some ritual for joining two people together and making them stay that way, and ours is giving tax breaks." - Bauvard
"He's like a man with a fork, in a world of soup. (about his brother Liam)" - Noel Gallagher
"When I turn back to Jase, he’s again beaming at me. “You’re nice.” He sounds pleased, as if he hadn’t expected this aspect of my personality." - Huntley Fitzpatrick
"The Marquis sighed. "I thought it was just a legend," he said. "Like the alligators in the sewers of New York City."" - Neil Gaiman
"I stuff another handful of Raisinets in my mouth. What gets me is the 'pretty face' bit. 'Cause I won't mind being reminded I'm fat as long as you water it down first. Why not say, Hey I'm going to insult you, but first I will congratulate your fortunate genetics and appropriate appliclation of Bobbi Brown cosmetics to prevent you from hitting me. Sh*t; I kind of prefer being called a 'fat bitch.' At least it doesn't pull any punches." - Jen Lancaster
"No one wears buckles anymore, and I decided to get him some real boots next winter solstice." - Kim Harrison
"If you're going to be a superhero, can I be your sidekick?" -April" - Bree Despain
"You can't just call the Praetor. It's not like 1-800-WEREWOLF." - Cassandra Clare
"Harley-Davidson," she said. "Sweet." - Stieg Larsson
"She's Prim's size in diameter." - Suzanne Collins
"The prince set her down and dismissed his valet. The latter left with a bow and closed the door. Leaning against the wall, the prince pulled off his stockings. As he walked toward the amethyst tub, he yanked his shirt over his head." - Sherry Thomas
"Most aspects of my training didn’t agree with me. There wasn’t as much bossing around as I’d hoped for, and there was way too much following orders." - Rachel Vincent
"I guess being a writer is a little like being a singer, when they're forced to sing that same boring song a million times over to their fans, even though that song was in the charts something like twenty years ago. We must read our book a million times before releasing it, they must sing the same song a million times after release, right? WRONG! It's nothing like that at all, because a song only takes three minutes to sing, whereas the reading of a book takes a fucking lifetime if you hate it already!" - Jimmy Tudeski
"He checked out his surrounding. More books. A drinking fountain. A poster showing a guy slam-dunking a basketball with one hand and holding a book in the other, urging kids to READ! Weird, thought Steve. How can he even see the hoop?" - Mac Barnett
"All of them are the same type; girls with overprocessed hair and too much makeup and way too much access to Daddy’s credit cards. Girls who, if you took away the designer labels, hair dye and cover-up, wouldn’t be more than average-looking, but with all that stuff look too plastic to be pretty." - Hannah Harrington
"Is that what you were doing in my room?” he asks after a moment." - Rachel  Morgan
"I'd never been a good damsel in distress. I was a "hands-on" damsel." - Jennifer Armintrout
"Jace said that the cast of Gilligan's Island could do something anatomically unlikely with themselves." - Cassandra Clare
"Oh, I'm good. Seriously, after all these years, you'd think I would stop amazing myself. But here I am, still doing it." - James Dashner
"I was flipping channels, watching this cheerleading program on MTV. They took a field hockey girl and “transformed” her into a cheerleader by the end of the show. I was just wondering: what if she liked field hockey better?" - Jess C Scott
"Why were you watching me change?" I explain. "Uh, 'cause I'm a guy?" He flips the pillow and slaps it, fluffing it. Then he rolls over and closes his eyes again." - Miranda Kenneally
"I'd rather have rabies than be in love."" - Shelly Laurenston
"He'd gone from sixteen to seventy-five in a matter of seconds, but the old-man smell happened instantly, like boom. Congratulations! You stink!" - Rick Riordan
"I ain't never seen a creature like that before, she says. He's so smart, he's-" - Moira Young
"I expect what you're not aware of would fill several books, Dursely." - J.K. Rowling
"What are you waiting for?" shanna asked. "He's dying! Do it!"" - Kerrelyn Sparks
"Well, friend, I don’t know about your tastes, but I tend to like it very bloody,” Myrnin said. He shifted position, dragging Claire along like a rag doll without any effort at all. “Have we been introduced?" - Rachel Caine
"You don't scare me, Cadence Jones. I've lived with crazy, I've ridden with crazy, I've vacationed with crazy, I've visited crazy in various hospitals, I've sat in on therapy sessions with crazy. Frankly, I think women who don't have major emotional disorders are really very dull." - MaryJanice Davidson
"Death doesn't really worry me that much, I'm not frightened about it... I just don't want to be there when it happens." - Woody Allen
"And who are you supposed to be? the King of snot-nosed delinquents?" - Michael Buckley
"Uphill? There's nothing up the hill," Colly said, trying desperately to work out where this conversation was going." - John Flanagan
"And you'd think that killing people would make them like you, but it doesn't. It just- it just makes them dead." - Joe Walker (as Voldemort in AVPM)
"My heart skipped a beat and then flat-out tripped over itself and fell on its face. Then my heart stood up, brushed itself off, took a deep breath and announced: "I want a spiritual teacher." - Elizabeth Gilbert
"You know, somebody actually complimented me on my driving today. They left a little note on the windscreen, it said 'Parking Fine." - Tommy Cooper
"When life gives you lemons, you make lemonade. Then find someone who's life is givin' them vodka and have a party!" - Ron White
"Men forget everything; women remember everything. That's why men need instant replay in sports. They've already forgotten what's happened." - Rita Rudner
"I had a dream about you last night. We stopped telling each other about our dreams when we realized we were still inside them." - Michael  Summers
"That really was NOT fun, though. Well, the hitting-her-with-a-stick part, that was fun. But crashing into a concrete bear? NOT fun." - Rick Riordan
"It's strange, isn't it. You stand in the middle of a library and go 'aaaaagghhhh' and everyone just stares at you. But you do the same thing on an aeroplane, and everyone joins in." - Tommy Cooper
"The thought of being with Shay Wilder makes me want to gouge my eyes out with a butter knife" - Lisa McMann
"To be, or not to be: what a question!" - E.A. Bucchianeri
"As your abilities begin to grow, your angelic side will start to manifest itself in more noticeable ways."" - Cynthia Hand
"With no chance to take off, I had to play my role, searching for the rendezvous spot, which gave me the excuse to look for an escape opportunity. Maybe a hole in the wall too small for Tori’s mom to follow me through or a precarious stack of boxes I could topple onto her head or an abandoned hammer I could brain her with. I’d never “brained” anyone in my life, but with Tori’s mom, I was willing to try." - Kelley Armstrong
"Life would be a great deal easier if dead things had the decency to remain dead." - Doug MacLeod
"Let come the forces of night! We will stand!"" - Jim Butcher
"What have you done to your hair?” Mom’s broken voice said, pinning me back to this tiny hospital" - Phoebe Kitanidis
"It’s fairly standard. Also, I’m fourteen. Also, your" - Derek Landy
"The woman rolled her eyes. “DarkRiver males are damn possessive and complete exhibitionists during the mating dance." - Nalini Singh
"Albus Dumbledore had gotten to his feet. He was beaming at the students, his arms opened wide, as if nothing could have pleased him more than to see them all there." - J.K. Rowling
"I love my pizza so much, in fact, that I have come to believe in my delirium that my pizza might actually love me, in return. I am having a relationship with this pizza, almost an affair." - Elizabeth Gilbert
"In Hollywood if you don't have a shrink, people think you're crazy." - Johnny Carson
"you think you've never been wrong before?"-alex" - Simone Elkeles
"His eyes widened. Oh, hell, you think I'm going to let him bite me? No way. It's too risky and way too guy." - C.C. Hunter
"You're Nash's brother. And a grim reaper?" She blinked again, and I readied myself for hysterics, or fear, or laughter. But knowing emma, I should have known better. "So you, what? Kill people? Did you kill me that day in the gym?" She clenched the headrest, her expression an odd mix of anger, awe, and confusion. But there was no disbelief. She'd seen and heard enough of the bizarre following her own temporary death that Tod's admission obviously didn't come as that much of a surprise." - Rachel Vincent
"I think you must be some kind of a freak. Either that or you’re trying to" - Cynthia Hand
"When they’re together, the world could fall apart around them and they’d never notice or care as long as they have each other." - Simone Elkeles
"At least my happiness doesn't depend on Ron's goalkeeping ability." - J.K. Rowling
"Minutes passed by. A little blue butterfly landed on my nose. I blinked at it and it fluttered to my ear. A big yellow butterfly gently floated over and landed on my paw. Soon a whole swarm of them floated up and down around me, like a swirl of multicolored petals. It happened in my backyard, too, if the magic was strong enough. Butterflies were small and light, and very magic sensitive. For some reason I made them feel safe and they gravitated to me like iron shavings to a magnet. They ruined my ferocious badass image, but you’d have to be a complete beast to swat butterflies." - Ilona Andrews
"It’s one thing to protect yourself,” Dad yelled at me during our very next lunch. “That I get. Have I ever told you not to defend yourself? No. But did you have to permanently maim him? I spent all that money on that on that fancy school for girls-not to mention all that money for the shrinks-and what did that get me?" - Meg Cabot
"Of course it hurts, it’s a spanking. How else would it work?" - Breanna Hayse
"You'd be surprised how expensive it costs to look this cheap." - Steven Tyler
"Um i'm happy to sit close to you and everything, but i had no idea you would like it so much,' Paris muttered." - Gena Showalter
"You are hard at work madam ," said the man near her." - Charles Dickens
"Shouts of dismay rose as the red flesh splattered against the table. It was only a tomato, but one would think I was pulping a decaying heart by the noise the big, strong FIB officers were making." - Kim Harrison
"Jase props himself up on an elbow, looking at me for a minute without saying anything. His face gets an unreadable expression, and I wish I could take back walking over." - Huntley Fitzpatrick
"A dancer on break approached him. She smiled. Each tooth was angled in a different direction, as if her mouth were the masterwork of a mad orthodontist." - Harlan Coben
"I have a secret. A big, fat, hairy secret. And I’m not talking minor-league stuff, like I once let Joseph Applebaum feel me up behind the seventh-grade stairwell or I got a Brazilian wax after work last Friday or I’m hiding a neon blue vibrator called the Electric Slide in my night table. Which I’m not, by the way. In case you were wondering. " - Karen MacInerney
"Venice is beautiful, but like a Bergman movie is beautiful; you can admire it, but you don't really want to live in it." - Elizabeth Gilbert
"I think I exist, therefore I exist. I think." - David Gerrold
"Aurora sagged. "Why is it," she asked, "that every time I'm with you two we end up stealing something big?"" - Derek Landy
"Mooooon!” said the Ogre. “Tranquility …” Then he pointed at the full moon. “Neil Armstrong walked in a sea of tranquility.” Then he added, “It’s made of cheese. But you have to take off the plastic before you put it on a burger." - Neal Shusterman
"Nero, we need to talk. Chloe will not get off my ass. I told her,” Amo looked right at Chloe in the eyes, “to walk beside me, but she refuses to even say a word to me." - Sarah Brianne
"Want a little cheese with that whine, maestro?" - Madeleine Urban & Abigail Roux
"One should never give up on hope. Unless that's the name of the girl who cheated on you in which case, yeah, give her up." - Carroll Bryant
"Well, remember, active Grims can't have children. Fertility is adversley affected by the proximity to the ether, to Elixir, and all sorts of other components-- plus, the Grimsphere is no place to raise a family, even if woman conceive here."" - Gina Damico
"Awesome."" - Hannah Harrington
"If you have ever seen a dragon in a pinch, you will realize that this was only poetical exaggeration applied to any hobbit, even to Old Took's great-grand-uncle Bullroarer, who was so huge (for a hobbit) that he could ride a horse. He charged the ranks of the goblins of Mount Gram in the Battle of the Green Fields, and knocked their king Golfimbul's head clean off with a wooden club. It sailed a hundred yards through the air and went down a rabbit-hole, and in this way the battle was won and the game of Golf invented at the same moment." - J.R.R. Tolkien
"Envy is for people who don’t have the self-esteem to be jealous." - Bauvard
"Shigure Sohma: So anyway I was wondering if you could stop by the house and take a look at Tohru's cut. That is if it isn't a problem." - Natsuki Takaya
"S'mimasen," Alyss said repeatedly as they brushed against passerby." - John Flanagan
"Halt," said Horace, "I've been thinking..."" - John Flanagan
"Oh- and grab the plastic bag over by my suitcase."" - Holly Black
"The manlier you are, the harder it is to understand what a woman wants: there is not a hint of female brain in you." - Criss Jami
"You realise you’re going to owe me dinner after this, right?" - Sarah Mayberry
"Besides my professional goals, I have a couple of private ones, my man. One of those is to pet a kangaroo before I leave Australia. I understand there's lots of Eastern Grays around this area. What do you say? Are you in?'" - Jennifer Rardin
"Thinking, not for the first time, that life should come with a trapdoor. Just a little exit hatch you could disappear through when you´d utterly and completely mortified yourself. Or when you had spontaneous zit eruptions." - Michele Jaffe
"If you were anyone else, your nuts would be taking a long vacation, and the destination would be out of your mouth" - J.A. Saare
"As always, she was carrying the washing. Rudy was carrying two buckets of cold water, or as he put it, two buckets of future ice." - Markus Zusak
"I had a dream about you last night... you were there." - Nicole McKay
"Aelin would likely laughed to see him now. The man who had stumbled out of her room after she’d declared that her cycle had arrived. Now sitting in this fine room, mostly naked and not giving a shit about it." - Sarah J. Maas
"You got one guy going boom, one guy going whack, and one guy not getting in the endzone." - John Madden
"No, but as a vampire, I'm able to detect subtle shifts in emotional energy." - Rachel Hawkins
"(Sookie's Thoughts on Debbie Pelt) she had been cruel to Alcide, insulted me grievously, burned a hole in my favorite wrap and—oh—tried to kill me by proxy. Also, she had stupid hair." - Charlaine Harris
"Pure joy is rare. That’s why for every meal I eat a really bloody steak." - Bauvard
"OY! Stop playing around and lets cook already!"" - Natsuki Takaya
"Called her a whore and attacked her walls, tearing down her posters and throwing her books everywhere. I found out because some whitegirl ran up and said, Excuse me, but your stupid roommate is going insane, and I had to bolt upstairs and put him in a headlock." - Junot Díaz
"Standing in the corridor was a large plastic bin on wheels. He looked inside. Empty tins of dog food. That explained the spaghetti with meat sauce. Oh well, he'd eaten worse." - Charlie Higson
"Like your zodiac sign?' Percy asked. 'I'm a Leo.'" - Rick Riordan
"Most of the time romance isn't even about love, anyway. It's about escape. Fantasy. Salvation from the mundane. Save me from boredom, from exhaustion, from my undersexed body, from microwave dinners and reality TV, from going to bed alone with a vibrator or a cat. Save me from my desperately ordinary life." - Leah Raeder
"If you call yourself an "authoress" on your Facebook profile, you suck at life. You are stupid and your children are ugly. It doesn't matter if you're just trying to be cute and original. You're not. You are about as original as all those other witless twits "writing" the one millionth shitty Fifty Shades clone. Or maybe you're trying to show your 2000 fake Facebook "friends" that you are an empowered feminist who will not stand for sexist terminology. But you're not showing people that you are fighting the good fight, you're showing people that you are a sheep, who's trying just a little too hard to ride the current wave of idiotic political correctness. The word "author" is no more gender-discrimination than the word "person." Do you call yourself a personess? No, of course not, because then you might as well wear a sign around your neck that says, "Hello, I'm a retard." - Oliver Markus
"If he can't get to the clock, any idea how we deal with this lot?"" - Derek Landy
"Haskell to Quinlin" - I.D. Locke
"I squinted at her. “You’re an adult.” “You’re an adult too.” “But you’re an older adult. You’ve had more practice.” Mom leaned back and laughed." - Ilona Andrews
"Bücher haben Ehrgefühl. Wenn man sie verleiht, kommen sie nicht mehr zurück." - Theodor Fontane
"REAL LIFE vs THE MOVIES" - Steve Kluger
"I had a dream about you last night. We were plug sockets in the bedroom. We saw only a short part of their day, but we knew everything of it." - Michael  Summers
"I stared at the phone in disbelief, then ripped a clean sheet of paper from my notebook. I scribbled ' Jerk ' on the first line. On the line beneath it I added, ' Smokes cigars. Will die of lung cancer. Hopefully soon." - Becca Fitzpatrick
"We must, we must, we must increase our bust." - Judy Blume
"Once upon a time, fairy tales were AWESOME!" - Adam Gidwitz
"Check thyself before thy wreck thyself." - Tyler Oakley
"He raised his hand in a peaceful gesture. "You need to relax a bit, dove. Like Mouse over there. You trust me, don't you, Mouse?"" - Ilona Andrews
"Bug spray.” Mosquitoes never bother me, but apparently they eat Tucker alive if he forgets bug spray. So I wear it for solidarity. “All the kids wear" - Cynthia Hand
"Nothing says awkward like coming in your pants while dry humping." - Jay McLean
"How much wood could a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck chlamydia?" - Sarah Mlynowski
"[Kagura is doing laundry and tries to wring out Kyou's shirt causing it to rip in two ]" - Natsuki Takaya
"Somehow the idea of Montgomery as a fairy doesn't have the same effect on me as it appears to have on you." - Nalini Singh
"I know more damn perverts, at schools and all, than anybody you ever met, and they’re always being perverty when I’m around." - J.D. Salinger
"She called me ‘my lady,’ ” she told him in a plaintive voice. “I don’t know who that is. I’m no lady.” The last of his fury faded away to be replaced with a quick gleam. He peered under the sheet. “I can attest to that." - Thea Harrison
"Amelie said, “I won’t be your servant in Morganville. Nor should you be mine. Equals.” She offered her hand to him, and he looked down at it, clearly taken aback. But he took it. “Now defend what is ours, my partner." - Rachel Caine
"Maybe she should cut the guy a little slack, [...] Maybe Thorne had been a no-show because something bad happened to him on the job." - Lara Adrian
"As it stands right now, I lead Richard Pryor in heart attacks, two to one. However, Richard still leads me, one to nothing, in burning yourself up." - George Carlin
"Okay, so, flying,” I started, taking a deep breath and focusing on the thing I loved most in the world. “Flying is … great. It feels great when you’re doing it. It’s fun. Pure freedom. There’s nothing better." - James Patterson
"Why me?" I blurted out, and then closed my eyes briefly. "Okay. Don't answer that."" - Jennifer L. Armentrout
"Why must this be so mortifying? Oh, that's right. Because its my life." - Tessa Dare
"I sort of fell."" - Rick Riordan
"Some of us were brought into this troubled world primarily or only to increase our fathers’ chances of not being left by our mothers, or vice versa." - Mokokoma Mokhonoana
"I believe in evolution in the sense that a short-tempered man is the successor of a crybaby." - Criss Jami
"Brilliance is impossible without a touch of insanity." - Skyla Madi
"Women will buy products in an attempt to become the impossible goal. Men will buy products in an attempt to mate with the impossible goal." - David McRaney
"you're so full of shit, you ought to be a cow manure" - Sherrilyn Kenyon
"You guys dated, didn’t you?" - Rachel  Morgan
"I see uncool people!" - Tonya Hurley
"We were surrounded by thirty-foot-tall giants who were about to kill us. Then the sky opened up, and the gods descended."" - Rick Riordan
"Getting money from my dad is a finesse job. Luckily, I have finesse coming out of my arse. I barged into his study without knocking, marched across to his desk, and held out my hand. “Give me twenty pounds,” I snapped. “I need twenty pounds. Give it to me. Now!" - Sarra Manning
"I had a dream about you last night.. you were trying to give coordinates to an apple" - Nicole McKay
"I don’t dwell on the fact that I may have ridden on planes. That which I can’t remember having needed, I simply accept. It is the most preferable kind of self-insight: one that does not require any accompanying change in behavior." - Benson Bruno
"the table of elements does not contain one of the most powerful elements that make up our world, and that is the element of surprise." - Lemony Snicket
"Weirdism is definitely the cornerstone of many an artist's career." - E.A. Bucchianeri
"Tea should be as bitter as wormwod and as sharp as a two eged sword" - Lemony Snicket
"I said, names aren't important," he repeated. There was a silence between them for some seconds, then the Ranger said: "Do you know what is important?"" - John Flanagan
"Jason hated being an old man." - Rick Riordan
"She sighed. Loudly. "Physical appearance is not what is important."" - Vivian Vande Velde
"I couldn't think of anything helpful to say, so I resorted to humor, my shield of last resort. 'Just please tell me they don't have a dog and a picket fence.'" - Laurell K. Hamilton
"Goodfellow snickered."Wouldn't be any fun if we didn't run into some sort of catastrophe." Pulling his dagger ,he waved me on."After you,your highness." - Julie Kagawa
"Who-who are you?" Seth asked, hesitantly."Wh-what do you want?" How else was was I supposed to reply? The words were out of my mouth before I could stop them.I mean, I'd only seen the movie like seventeen times." - Meg Cabot
"Hackers are nerdy, pasty, tubby, little geeks with triple thick glasses and this is probably a demented otaku with smelly feet. So catching him will be a breeze!" - Keiko Nobumoto
"If you want to change the world, just change yourself. The world needs traitors." - Bauvard
"I don’t know who you think you are” — my mother’s voice was low and dangerous — “but if you don’t get out of my way right this instant, it won’t matter." - Patricia Briggs
"Use that fluff of yours you call a brain." - Agatha Christie
"He made a sound of disgust in the back of his throat. "Oh thank you so much. That's what every man wants to hear about his name. You might as well call me 'Little Pecker' while you're at it and tell me you would love to have me go shopping with you for feminine hygiene products. Oh and by all means, carry a big, sparkling pink bag with flowers on it and make me hold it." - Sherrilyn Kenyon
"When you sit that way, you look kind of like a beach ball with a head,” he continued. “Your haircut is really, really bad, I’m probably going to lose my job for helping you this way, and I’m dying to fuck you." - Suzanne Brockmann
"Excuse me?" I said, palms down on the Formica tabletop. "Coffee? I thought we came here for pie." "I don't eat the kind of pie they serve here." I felt a flash of heat go through my stomach. I knew firsthand the kind of pie Ranger liked." - Janet Evanovich
"Any other iron on you?” he asked impatiently." - Kiersten White
"Extinguished theologians lie about the cradle of every science as the strangled snakes beside that of Hercules; and history records that whenever science and orthodoxy have been fairly opposed, the latter has been forced to retire from the lists, bleeding and crushed if not annihilated; scotched, if not slain." - Thomas H. Huxley 
"Let your eyes talk, mouth listens and ear sleeps." - Santosh Kalwar
"When I turned two I was really anxious, because I'd doubled my age in a year." - Steven Wright
"I was just turned last week. I'm a librarian."" - Molly Harper
"Just stay close to us. If we get in trouble, we'll kill everything." - Ilona Andrews
"Little-known fact about cheerleaders: They keep schedules that would make grown marines cry." - Jennifer Lynn Barnes
"This is a theater," Bertie, annoyed by the inquisition, dropped him onto stage. Several feet of slack cable landed atop the fairy in a slithering heap." - Lisa Mantchev
"Mark, some answers to your earlier questions:" - Andy Weir
"I wish my nose would blow me for once." - Brian Celio
"If a problem can be solved, there is nothing to worry about. If it can't be solved, well you can always buy chocolate :)" - Pablo
"I hope people of the future will remember my books for being burned, and I challenge an elite few to imagine the embers of the last copy." - Bauvard
"I had a dream about you last night.. You thought you were a candy vampire, you were standing in the sun screaming 'I'm melting." - Nicole McKay
"I had a dream about you last night... I was a brick and you were a blanket. Damn that improbability drive." - Nicole McKay
"What do you want, MacGuffin, a duel?" - Abigail Roux
"As I get older, I just prefer to knit. " - Tracey Ullman
"Do you never get exhausted being so wholly unbearable?" - Tahereh Mafi
"First blood is mine." - R.A. Salvatore
"[novan]: bassists are very good with their fingers" - Jess C Scott
"This means that I don't have to run faster than the psychotic-maniac-vampire-cannibal, I just have to run faster than whoever is with me when the psychotic-maniac-vampire-cannibal starts chasing us." - Jim Benton
"I cook better than you," Nick corrected absently. "I think monkeys can probably be taught to cook better than you."" - Sarah Rees Brennan
"He balled his hand into a fist. "You are such a bitch." "Woof, woof," I said." - Laurell K. Hamilton
"This is precisely why I" - J.K. Rowling
"Rhiannon's Law #16: If it looks like a rabbit, and it hops like a rabbit, run the other way and fast. That shit is liable to tear you arm off." - J.A. Saare
"Nix had told Emma before she'd left for Europe that on this trip she would 'do that which you were born to do.' Apparently, Emma was born to get kidnapped by a deranged Lykae. Her fate sucked." - Kresley Cole
"Ever since my famous battle with Python, I've had a phobia of scaly reptilian creatures. (Especially if you include my stepmother, Hera. BOOM!)" - Rick Riordan
"She has to agree to have me. It could take some time, but I’m confident I can trick her into it." - Robyn Carr
"I moved to assist, but never got the chance. there was some pretty violent banging for a minute, and then a tearing sound. Finally the stall door flew open, and Ray's shirtless body emerged and started bitch-slapping everything in sight." - Karen Chance
"Blackmailers never explain their thinking. They're like pirates that way. Dark-hearted, dangerous--- and cool like Johnny Depp." - Janette Rallison
"When they throw the water on the witch, she says, “Who would have thought a good little girl like you could destroy my beautiful wickedness”. That line inspired my life. I sometimes say it to myself before I go to sleep, like a prayer." - John Waters
"You don’t like romantic shit,” Luke remarks and frowns at me." - Kristen Proby
"The most upsetting thing about Society’s attitude towards disabled people is that many millions of disabled people became disabled while trying to please Society, the very same bitch that secretly regards them as subhuman." - Mokokoma Mokhonoana
"My melon soul" - David Wong
"I'm done. I'm going to go to bed and read important books about theater."" - Maureen Johnson
"Since Sienna was in an unusually cooperative mood, the session went well. He was returning from it midmorning - after a short detour - when a small naked body barreled into him in one of the main corridors. Steadying the boy with Tk, he looked down. The child lifted a finger to his lips. "Shh. I'm hiding." With that, he went behind Judd and scrambled into a small alcove. "Quickly!" - Nalini Singh
"Every single person is a fool, insane, a failure, or a bad person to at least ten people." - Mokokoma Mokhonoana
"A classroom . People trying to stick me in classrooms was becoming as predictable and annoying as people trying to kill me, but with less-fun results." - James Patterson
"As libertines we seek to find and provide pleasures for others before pleasing ourselves. Libertines are never boorish, profane or blasphemous. We seek to lessen any cause for offence while maximizing pleasure. After our liaisons, our return is eagerly anticipated, and our departure is mourned. For most men the reverse is the case. In a world where most men are barely on before they are off again, we take the time and the care to be gentle lovers and build the sighs and the panting of true delight." - Harry F. MacDonald
"Wait, Richard Cheney, as in Dick Cheney? You're a vampire named Dick Cheney? Somehow, that makes you seem more evil." - Molly Harper
"I've taken care of it," I said" - paraphrased by Alethia from a book by Son of the Mob
"I'm not saying he was, like, crying tears of man pain over the phone, but he sounded upset." - Hannah Harrington
"Actions defined a man; words were a fart in the wind." - Mario Puzo
"Sorry for the delay," Vogel said. "I was required to make a bomb." - Andy Weir
"I’m not going to fucking calm down. I’m going to hunt that bastard down and murder" - Kristen Ashley
"What do you want? Where's the goddamn ice I ordered? Where's the booze? There's a war on, man! People are being killed!" - Hunter S. Thompson
"I'm a whore!"" - Shelly Laurenston
"Ford Prefect suppressed a little giggle of evil satisfaction, realized that he had no reason to suppress it, and laughed out loud, a wicked laugh." - Douglas Adams
"Kyo Sohma: One of these days I'll make you say you're sorry" - Natsuki Takaya
"You're in a rather odd mood today."" - Julia Quinn
"All I could determine was that it must have been a nice thing to see if it was a house you were thinking about moving into. But not so nice if it was the house you were moving out from. I could practically hear Mr Collins, who had taught my fifth-grade English class and was still the most intimidating teacher I'd ever had, yelling at me. "Amy Curry," I could still hear him intoning, "never end a sentence with a preposition!" Irked that after six hears he was still mentally correcting me, I told the Mr. Collins in my head to off fuck." - Morgan Matson
"Cover me!' Augustus said as he jumped out from behind the wall and raced toward the school. Isaac fumbled for his controller and then" - John Green
"Welcome to Telepathics Anonymous. Don’t bother introducing yourself." - Bauvard
"To the stupidity of men, " Dakota said, raising a glass. "And my brother, who is their king." - Susan Mallery
"It was because a great-looking man with no apparent mental defects found her attractive. Imagine feeling so buoyant over something so juvenile." - Maggie Shayne
"I feel as though whenever I create something, my Mr. Hyde wakes up in the middle of the night and starts thrashing it. I sometimes love it the next morning, but other times it is an abomination." - Criss Jami
"Don't even think of arguing with me. I'm an old woman and if you fight me about it, it could give me a heart attack." - Sara Taney Humphreys
"Yes she met with a slight accident involving a stake." Ash said "funny how that happens sometimes..." - L.J. Smith
"What a schmuck!" - Lemony Snicket
"We needed a refrigerator for our new place and I've never bought a refrigerator my whole life. I went into the appliance store, there's like 900 of 'em lined up, there's a salesman there. What's this guy supposed to say about refrigerators? "Well you got this refrigerator here, This keeps all your food cold for 600...You've got this refrigerator, This keeps all your food cold for 800...Check this out, 1400, keeps all your food cold." - Brian Regan
"And so really, you have given me no choice but to take you shopping by" - Sarah Dessen
"A customer facing crucial decisions:" - Benson Bruno
"He's bound to have done" - Terry Pratchett
"I was performing my ritual of sipping tea, shooting flirtatious glances and planning murder" - Mingmei Yip
"No funny business. I’ll scream and dead or not it will hurt your ears" - Penelope Fletcher
"It is still cheating, even if nobody comes." - Mokokoma Mokhonoana
"He begged to know to which of his fair cousins the excellency of its cookery was owing." - Seth Grahame-Smith
"I can do this, I lied to myself feebly. No one was going to bite me." - Stephenie Meyer
"Objection!" Metz shouts." - Jodi Picoult
"And oil's not supposed to mix with water. But then someone invented mayonnaise, and wham - instant mixing." - Jackie Kessler
"I had a dream about you last night... You turned red, then green, and then blue. You told me you were trying to fit in with the m&m's." - Amy Summers
"And," added Mikey. "she's my sister."" - Neal Shusterman
"Nero lowered his head to speak in her ear, keeping his hands on her arms to lock her in place. “My problem is simple, Elle. I have a problem with you having no trouble saying thank you to someone else. I have a problem with you wrapping your arms around someone else. And I have a big fucking problem with you not minding kissing someone else. Not one fucking time have you done any of those things to me without my asking, or just doing it because you want to, not because I want you to." - Sarah Brianne
"I had a dream about you last night.. You were in the amazon rain forest yipping like a dog." - Amy Summers
"I had a dream about you last night... You tried to propose with a digital ceramic heater." - Amy Summers
"They say money talks, but all mine ever says is 'good-bye sucker." - Jill Shalvis
"June cackled with delight, muttering, "Whoops!" as a car almost killed them." - Rick Riordan
"Sophie, honey, stop looking at me like that,” Garrett said gruffly. “You’ll have me convinced I’m going to die." - Maya Banks
"Looking but not seeing is the hearing but not understanding of the eye." - Mokokoma Mokhonoana
"I heard the car door shut and then Fabian's voice. "You won't believe what I found around the edge of your property," the ghost announced. "A cave with prehistoric painting inside it!" I rolled my eyes. That was the best tactic Fabian could come up with? This was a vampire he was trying to stall, not a paleontologist." - Jeaniene Frost
"How did you do it?" I brought the teacup to my mouth for another sip. "How did you guide Sophie's soul? I thought you were a reaper."" - Rachel Vincent
"She'd made him watch every Alien movie. Most of the goriest scenes were accompanied by his dialogue: 'Ach, that's no' - that's just no' right.... Bloody hell, this canna be right." - Kresley Cole
"Mardi Gras, baby. Mardi Gras. Time when all manner of weird shit cuts loose and parties down." - Sherrilyn Kenyon
"Don't cross me Scooby-Doo. I'm not an old man in a mask waiting to be thwarted by you meddling kids." - Sherrilyn Kenyon
"If I let you go are you going to hit me again?" - Sarah Mayberry
"If I were to vote, I would intentionally vote for the goofiest candidate. It is my theory that when the people can outwit the leader, the more respected their voices will be." - Criss Jami
"Goblin tea resembles a nice cup of Earl Grey in much the same way that a catfish resembles the common tabby. They share a name, but one is a nice thing to curl up with on a rainy afternoon, and the other is found in the muck at the bottom of polluted rivers and has bits of debris sticking to it." - T. Kingfisher
"Who’s there?" - Jill Shalvis
"We may not be all that bright, Jace said, but at least we are alive." - Cassandra Clare
"I will make thee think thy swan a crow." - William Shakespeare
"Without humor, we’d all be what we’re laughing at. Without arrogance, we’d be humiliated to admit we already are." - Bauvard
"I need another drink!” I said as a second attempt to change the subject." - Jamie McGuire
"I had the great idea of using markers to gently color the ants so I could tell them apart, but I learned that this is exactly like somebody trying to gently color on you with a thirty-story building." - Jim Benton
"There are many other little refinements too, Mr. Bohlen. You'll see them all when you study the plans carefully. For example, there's a trick that nearly every writer uses, of inserting at least one long, obscure word into each story. This makes the reader think that the man is very wise and clever. So I have the machine do the same thing. There'll be a whole stack of long words stored away just for this purpose."" - Roald Dahl
"I HAVE TO MEET HIM." - Becky Albertalli
"If the morning never comes, because the night before didn't end, then surely it's harder to feel like shit the next day if you don't sleep" - Jimmy Tudeski
"That's your solution? Have a cookie?" - Michael  Grant
"A premature death does not only rob one of the countless instances where one would have experienced pleasure, it also saves one from the innumerable instances where one would have experienced pain." - Mokokoma Mokhonoana
"She'd had sex with a demon. Tayla swallowed bile and tried to keep her stomach from heaving. She needed to shower. And douche." - Larissa Ione
"Paddle Harder" - Lauren Myracle
"Sarah, honey, I hardly think kidnappers are going to take the time to buy a memento of their stay. I could be wrong, but it seems rather unlikely." - Christine Feehan
"Eh, Whappaaaa!" - George Lopez
"My mate is really, really weird." - Shay Savage
"Critter: I was fairly relieved when Sea took off on her own. She was wearing some two-sizes-too-small T-shirt, practically forcing my eyes to home in on “the girls,” and all I could think was I’m going to turn into a pillar of salt." - Lara M. Zeises
"He needed to gather her up, hold on to her, anything to help her stop trembling. Something was going to shake loose if she didn’t." - Tara Janzen
"The show doesn’t go on because it’s ready; it goes on because it’s 11:30." - Lorne Michaels
"Sure. What's the worst that could happen."" - Jaye Wells
"Who cares if you have a girlfriend, anyway?"" - Cassandra Clare
"Somebody dies and people eat your food. Funny how that works." - Sherman Alexie
"Perfect,” he groaned. “You are perfect.” He sank his teeth into her ass, hard, drawing blood. “And now you wear my mark,” he finished proudly. “Your ass is mine." - Hanna Lui
"A red eight-sided sign always means:" - Cuthbert Soup
"Life is too fleet for onomatopoeia." - Mervyn Peake
"Because she left him a MySpace message that was semi-flirty, and then today he was very vague about what he was doing. So I headed over to his house and waited outside until he left. And now he’s at McDonald’s, and I’m following him to see where else he’s going.” MySpace is seriously going to be responsible for everyone losing their minds." - Lauren Barnholdt
"I was shown into a room. A red room. Red wallpaper, red curtains, red carpet. They said it was a sitting-room, but I don’t know why they’d decided to confine its purpose just to sitting. Obviously, sitting was one of the things you could do in a room this size; but you could also stage operas, hold cycling races, and have an absolutely cracking game of frisbee, all at the same time, without having to move any of the furniture." - Hugh Laurie
"Selling eternal life is an unbeatable business, with no customers ever asking for their money back after the goods are not delivered." - Victor J. Stenger
"Hey,” Shayne said through the door. “You going to stay in there all night, because we’re getting tired of trying to eavesdrop from out here. Can’t hear a damn thing." - Jill Shalvis
"That's so cute! They have birdbaths in the church!" - Hilary Duff
"I'm talking about doing something good for mankind. Imagine how awesome everyone would feel if they knew all that holy stuff was real." -Gregori" - Kerrelyn Sparks
"Over the road there was a church: a modern gray building, which constantly played a recording of church bells. Strange it was. Why no proper bells? I never went in but I bet it was a robot church for androids, where the Bible was in binary and their Jesus had laser eyes and metal claws." - Russell Brand
"She didn’t sound overjoyed. She didn’t sound even slightly joyed." - Sarah Mayberry
"I bet there are a lot of women out there who want to sleep with a guy who reads. And being the head of the reading foundation, I’m very well endowed." - Bauvard
"Put me down, I’m too heavy." - Sarah Mayberry
"Shut. Up," June squealed. "You have a date with that guy?" She giggled and covered her mouth. "Shut up, shut up, shut up! Tell me everything."" - Robin Benway
"I had a dream about you last night. We went to the store cupboard to make out, but we ended up sharing our pain and then crying together. We wasn't prepared for this level of intimacy." - Michael  Summers
"If a word in the dictionary were mispelled, how would we know?" - Steven Wright
"Divorce runs high these days, but I’m an exception to the norm. I got divorced when marriage was still popular." - Bauvard
"What we’ve got here is a lunatic genius ghost-in-the-computer monorail that likes riddles and goes faster than the speed of sound. Welcome to the fantasy version of One Flew Over the Cuckoo’s Nest." - Stephen King
"He's wearing flannel!" Alan yelped. "He's shoving his straight in my face!" - K.D. Sarge
"Where does love reveal itself? In beds, sofas, bathtubs – each section of a department store has its advantages." - Bauvard
"I think one of the problems in this country is that too many people are screwing things up, committing crimes and then getting on with their lives. What is really needed for public officials who shame themselves is ritual suicide." - George Carlin
"People keep asking "Jacob or Edward?" when the really important question is "Diamond Dave or Sammy?" - Ysabeau S. Wilce
"The rage that had expolded inside me diffused. I didn't know where it had come from. I had a short temper and often acted impulsively,but this had been intense and ugly even for me. Weird." - Richelle Mead
"I had a dream about you last night.. You kept screaming at Ted Danson to pour you a drink." - Amy Summers
"I had a dream about you last night... Well I say dream I mean nightmare... you were a Yankee fan." - Nicole McKay
"I had a dream about you. You were being hung. I had a sword in one hand and a stool in the other. I couldn’t decide which one to use, so I stood on the stool and threw myself on the sword. It was the least I could do to protest capital punishment." - Bauvard
"It's not called being gay, it's called being fabulous!" - PewDiePie
"Travis: The Aphrodite kids were ripping each other’s clothes and throwing lipstick and jewellery. It was like a rabid herd of wild Bratz." - Rick Riordan
"It's all life is. Just going 'round kissing people." - F. Scott Fitzgerald
"I've been thinking of installing a train in my house. It could bring me shrimp crackers from the kitchen." - Cassandra Clare
"Marcus couldn't believe it. Dead. A dead duck. OK, he'd been trying to hit it on the head with a piece of sandwich, but he tried to do all sorts of things, and none of them had ever happened before. He'd tried to get the highest score on the Stargazer machine in the kabab shop on Hornsey road - nothing. He'd tried to read Nicky's thoughts by staring at the back of his head every maths lesson for a week - nothing. It really annoyed him that the only thing he'd ever achieved through trying was something he hadn't really wanted to do that much in the first place. And anyway, since when did hitting a bird with a sandwich ever kill it? People spend half their lives throwing things at the ducks in Regent's Park. How come he managed to pick a duck that pathetic?" - Nick Hornby
"We need to save the forests. I have a big warehouse we can store them in." - Bauvard
"Why...do you find this...distracting?" - Suzanne Collins
"Nancy was so thrilled, I thought she was going to kiss me—and I thought I was actually going to have to hit a chick." - Jennifer L. Armentrout
"It's all fun and games until someone loses an eye. Then it's fun and games you can't see anymore." - James Hetfield
"Tolerance! The virtue that makes one bite his tongue so that he can tear out his hair." - Criss Jami
"Yes, I kidnapped that Lindberg baby." - Chuck Palahniuk
"The stars have a strong effect on our daily shopping lives. Hollywood is astrology’s only credible conspiracy." - Bauvard
"I'm telling you, Augustus Waters talked so much that he'd interrupt you at his own funeral." - John Green
"We need to revitalize the American spirit. People are always asking ‘What would the founding fathers do,’ but I have yet to witness a single séance." - Bauvard
"Since I had a soft spot for zombies and my curiosity was killing me, I opted for plan Z." - Darynda Jones
"Only then did I see. Something was amiss with Patrick's snap-on one piece, or "onesie" as we manly dads like to call it. His chubby thighs, I now realized, were squeezed into the armholes, which were so tight they must have been cutting off his circulation. The collared neck hung between his legs like an udder. Up top, Patrick's head stuck out through the unsnapped crotch, and his arms were lost somewhere in the billowing pant legs. It was quite a look." - John Grogan
"Anna shuddered. "Orange is not the colour of seduction, Christopher. Orange is the colour of despair, and pumpkins." - Cassandra Clare
"Hermits have no peer pressure." - Steven Wright
"Who knew Demon Child would have such a normal name? I expected something exotic like Serena or Destiny or the Evil One That Comes in the Night to Make Us Chilly." - Darynda Jones
"What's a slut?" I ask him." - Rachel Cohn
"I'd sold my soul to get out of detention." - Jennifer Lynn Barnes
"Most of a husband’s life is spent in doing research on his wife." - Pawan Mishra
"Trees are corrupting our parks. They should be arrested for loitering. For deciduous trees, add littering and indecent exposure to that list of offenses." - Bauvard
"My grandma Ruthie, Jettie's sister, had been married four times, so many times I started calling every old man I saw at the grocery store Grandpa." - Molly Harper
"I don't have a master. I'm not sure if I have an equal." - Laurell K. Hamilton
"She’s a lunatic,” says Conrad." - Emily Lloyd-Jones
"I don't think you can fight because you're wearing a wedding dress" said Jem. "And for what it's worth, I don't think Will could fight in that dress either."" - Cassandra Clare
"Might have just been an innocent bystander, sir,’ said Carrot" - Terry Pratchett
"Divination is turning out to be much more trouble than I could have foreseen, never having studied the subject myself." - J.K. Rowling
"I had a dream about you last night... Unfortunately, it wasn't a dream." - Amy Summers
"You know, I don’t get why Fred and George only got three O.W.L.s each,” said Harry, watching as Fred, George, and Lee collected gold from the eager crowd. “They really know their stuff. . . ." - J.K. Rowling
"What is a quote? A quote (cognate with quota) is a cut, a section, a slice of someone's orange. You suck the slice, toss the rind, skate away." - Anne Carson
"Never dance in a puddle when there's a hole in your shoe (it's always best to take your shoes off first)." - John D. Rhodes
"I know because I read. Might I suggest you try it?" - Libba Bray
"Eve talking to someone on her computer and having trouble with the language translator." - J.D. Robb
"The [Five Second Rule] has many variations, including The Three Second Rule, The Seven Second Rule, and the extremely handy and versatile The However Long It Takes Me to Pick Up This Food Rule." - Neil Pasricha
"My parents raised me that you never ask people about their reproductive plans. “You don’t know their situation,” my mom would say. I considered it such an impolite question that for years I didn’t even ask myself. Thirty-five turned into forty faster than McDonald’s food turns into cold nonfood." - Tina Fey
"Colin : “Perhaps now is the time to tell you that I have a weakness for agreeable women." - Susan Elizabeth Phillips
"He stood and inhaled, then walked a few more feet, stooped, and prodded a chunk of rabbit fur." - Kelley Armstrong
"Yeah, well, wish in one hand, crap in the other, and see which fills up first" - S.A. Bodeen
"My negotiation skills are are on par with George Bush's reading ability. And just like Dubya, every time I've tried to put forth an effort, I am reminded that my only true strength lies in drinking." - Chelsea Handler
"Wait,” he said, pulling me to a stop when I tried to march off toward my destiny. “Is there something you want to tell me?" - Jaye Wells
"A friend doesn't go on a diet because you are fat." - Erma Bombeck
"A man's plumbing is like his mind: simple, very few surprises. You ladies, on the other hand...well, God put a lot of thought in making you." - Khaled Hosseini
"She turns to us, acts surprised to see us, then does the bit with the back of the hand to the forehead. "You're lost!" "You're angry!" "You're in the wrong school!" "You're in the wrong country!" "You're on the wrong planet!" - Laurie Halse Anderson
"By the light," he said, when he had mastered himself. "I think that beats singing a lullaby to a stormdog for simplicity and economy, Maerad. But I wish I had known that you simply had to blow at Hulls to get rid of them. It would have saved me a few scars." - Alison Croggon
"Austin and I proceeded to knock back a couple of Ketel One and grapefruit juices, which happened to be my drink of the moment. Someone told me that grapefruit was a great detoxifier and I decided I wanted to start cleaning out my liver WHILE I was having a cocktail." - Chelsea Handler
"I normally don't do requests. Unless, of course, I have been asked to do so." - Victor Borge
"Matt would stare at Andrew for 10 minutes. It's depressing that people are different. Everyone should be one person, who should then kill itself in hand-to-hand combat." - Tao Lin
"Took me a while to get to the point today, but that is because I did not know what the point was when I started." - William Safire
"[Clover] secretly hitched a ride with a nice German couple and their new baby...Clover appeared to the baby, so as to be a delightful, soothing surprise. Well, the child did like Clover. In fact, she held him and cooed. When the parents turned around to look at her and saw their child holding a furry, living creature, they needlessly panicked." - Obert Skye
"He’d done it like he did everything else—with passion and total disregard for how much it might embarrass her." - Kaylea Cross
"He should probably make love to her." - Tara Janzen
"Misery, thy name is Mudslide" - Molly Harper
"Sorry, Bex," Jason said "You don't have the recognizable facial characteristics - such as a huge chin, or a large amount of real estate between the eyes - that would merit the bestowing of a criminal mastermind nickname such as Lockjaw or Walleye. Whereas Crazytop here...well, just look at her."" - Meg Cabot
"Don’t believe what you hear about those penguins. A species of lazy waddlers. Their extinction is immanent." - Benson Bruno
"Do you remember our first kiss? I do. Not a day goes by I don’t think of the feel of that bicuspid against my tongue. It had such a distinctive feel, neither cuspid nor molar…but I’m not sure it knew that – that was what endeared it to me so. It was like the blunted tusk of a wild boar." - Benson Bruno
"His hand cups the back of my neck, and before I can think, he dips down and our mouths meet. For a split second I worry that he thinks he's kissing Courtney. But that instant the warmth of his soft lips spreads into mine, all thoughts dissolve. Pure feeling is all I have left. Little electric sparks sip through my bloodstream, making sure every nerve in my body is focused on his amazing mouth." - Tera Lynn Childs
"Dear sirs," - Benson Bruno
"While we’re at it, why don’t we add a third emotion to this list: lust. You are probably unaware that Linnaeus lumped the tomato into the same genus as the potato, a food with a reputation for its widespread availability and easy satisfaction of oral needs." - Benson Bruno
"Hey, Ethan."" - Kami Garcia
"A philosopher is a blind man in a dark room looking for a black cat that isn't there. A theologian is the man who finds it." - H.L. Mencken
"You can lead a horse to water, but you can't make him participate in synchronized diving." - Cuthbert Soup
"Jesus girls! Wake up! If a guy wants to drain you of your energy, emotions, and life force he won’t sparkle in the sunshine, he’ll just marry you." - Nick Shamhart
"Lovers do things together! They rent videos, they ride Ferris wheels, they go out for pizza, they play Scrabble. They . . . they talk!'" - Shannon McKenna
"I can pay you."" - Kasie West
"I love the sound of it," Trina whispers, as if speaking too loudly might interrupt the drumming patter of the rain outside. "It makes me want to sleep. Snuggle my head right up in your armpit and snore for three days."" - James Dashner
"The Dimwit's Guide to the Female Mind might assist your efforts in understanding human females. But it must be pointed out that this subject can be a dangerous adventure and should be undertaken with extreme caution. After all, human males have been trying to understand their females for generations, and most of the time they come away from these encounters looking like someone stuck their tails into an electric socket." - Anne Bishop
"If you have the choice between humble and cocky, go with cocky. There's always time to be humble later, once you've been proven horrendously, irrevocably wrong." - Kinky Friedman
"Rule number four for me as a writer? Plotlines are like sharks: They either keep moving or they die. ~J.R. Ward" - J.R. Ward
"Some people avoid thinking deeply in public, only because they are afraid of coming across as suicidal." - Mokokoma Mokhonoana
"Rhiannon's Law #22. You can't lie to yourself, so don't bother trying. Doing so only multiplies your douchebag level to the umpteenth power and confirms what others have been saying for years - that you are an idiot." - J.A. Saare
"Okay, first of all, I didn’t sleep with you to make amends. I slept with you because I wanted to." - Jill Shalvis
"Listen, Harr,y can I have a go on it? Can I?"" - J.K. Rowling
"He had the prettiest hair she had ever seen on a man: dark brown, almost black, and soft like sable, it fell down to his shoulders. She wondered what he'd do if she threw some mud in it. Probably kill her." - Ilona Andrews
"When I get real bored, I like to drive downtown and get a great parking spot, then sit in my car and count how many people ask if I'm leaving." - Steven Wright
"Do you ever take a holiday? Like, do any of you just wake up and think ‘Today feels like a pyjama day.’? or is it always, ‘Today is a good day for murdering and stalking.’?" - Catherine Doyle
"Dammit Bard, you're going to set the cat on fire." - V.E. Schwab
"Popatrz jeno. Kościół, karczma, bordel, a w środku między nimi kupa gówna. Oto parabola ludzkiego żywota." - Andrzej Sapkowski
"Naturally the villagers blamed bears. No one had ever seen a bear in Gavaldon, but this made them more determined to find one. Four years later, when two more children vanished, the villagers admitted they should have been more specific and declared black bears the culprit, bears so black they blended with the night. But when children continued to disappear every four years, the village shifted their attention to burrowing bears, then phantom bears, then bears in disguise. . . Until it became clear it wasn't it wasn't bears at all." - Soman Chainani
"You are the night."" - Molly Harper
"What do you take me for? That fool Socrates, who upheld the law at the cost of his own death – just to be ironic? I suspect that act was actually the result of his secret embarrassment of his hideous nose." - Benson Bruno
"Frosting was his favorite. He liked to eat doughnuts at every meal. Because it was healthier to eat six small meals a day than three large ones, he restricted himself: jellied for breakfast, glazed for brunch, cream-filled for lunch, frosting for linner, chocolate for dinner, and powdered sugar for 2 a.m. supermarket stakeout. Because linner coincided with the daily crime peak, he always ate his favorite variety to ease him. Frosting was his only choice now, and upsetting his routine was a quiet thrill." - Benson Bruno
"The bottom half of the page had descended into a doodle of a tiny man giving the middle finger to a giant, angry eagle with razor-sharp talons. Beneath it, the caption: To Mock a Killing Bird." - Seth Grahame-Smith
"If the law can be broken it will. Anyone who breaks the law is a risk. You can break the law. So you see, I have to take you in for questioning. This produce stand has an ominous future." - Benson Bruno
"Do you want me to ride you like a rented mule, or do you prefer to be Mr. Missionary Position? I'm fine with wither, so it doesn't matter to me." - Katie MacAlister
"Tradition or not, I sometimes thought putting children on an old guy’s lap was already creepy enough. We didn’t need to mix alcohol into it." - Richelle Mead
"At that point in time, there were three things in life that I knew for certain: (1) I was a girl who’d never met a site she couldn’t hack or a code she couldn’t break, (2) I had a roundhouse that could put a grown man in the hospital, and (3) I would without question chop off my own hands before I’d come within five feet of a pom-pom" - Jennifer Lynn Barnes
"That's not what he meant," Rachel says again, pink flushing her cheeks." - C.J. Redwine
"I had a dream about you. We couldn't decide on a sunrise. You wanted a tan, I only cared about the view. Then World War III fulfilled both our desires." - Bauvard
"Step one, accept she was a damn boss. Step two, hide all the knives, guns, and maybe the pillows, too." - J.J. McAvoy
"It's especially hard to admit that you made a mistake to your parents, because, of course, you know so much more than they do." - Sean Covey
". . .Tell me, Clare: why on earth would a lovely girl like you want to marry Henry?'" - Audrey Niffenegger
"... but to remain historically accurate, I would have had to leave out an important question that I felt needed to be addressed, which is, 'What if Jesus had known kung fu?" - Christopher Moore
"I frowned as my fingers throbbed. “Wait a sec. There’s a chance I can’t work with fire and you let me do that?”“How else am I going to figure out your limitations?" - Jennifer L. Armentrout
"Aaron’s mouth dropped open when he entered the “room;” it was more like a huge open loft … no walls, huge floor to ceiling windows, shiny hardwood floors … perfect for a studio. He had no idea how Jake had acquired such a huge space in Manhattan." - Giselle Ellis
"Sheep hurt my father, and through my father, sheep have also hurt me." - Haruki Murakami
"So what's it to be, Bear?"" - Sherrilyn Kenyon
"You guys are weird," Tori said." - Kelley Armstrong
"What was that you gave me to eat?" Winter panicked." - Obert Skye
"Monsters have the worst taste in women." - Tera Lynn Childs
"She stopped at the desk and held up a can for his view. "This looks like an ordinary hairspray can, right?"" - Gena Showalter
"There was a piece of ornamental water immediately below the parapet, on the other side, into which Mr. James Harthouse had a very strong inclination to pitch Mr. Thomas Gradgrind Junior." - Charles Dickens
"If it winds up earlier, you should have a movie picked out. This is assuming she isn’t sending you the ‘let’s go back to my place’ signals. In that case—" - Nora Roberts
"Jake became excruciatingly aware of her, there, right behind him. The small grunts and groans as she placed each foot carefully on the slick ground reverberated in his gut. He wanted to turn around and tell her to shut the hell up." - Cherry Adair
"Tatiana is a ridiculously curvy thing of dreams, with smooth succulent thighs, long strawberry blond cascading beneath a teal bandana, and a nympho sparkle in her eyes that says pick me, lick me, spank me, or I punish you. Raw innocence and mayhem at once." - Brett Tate
"I can't see anything" he said in a muffled voice, hand over his eyes. "I'm blind." - L.J. Smith
"Are you going to answer my questions, or do I have to whack you with a stick until delicious candy surprises fall out?" - Molly Harper
"Injuries heal, but wrinkles are the scars of time." - Bauvard
"..when the first rubber ball smacked her in the head and made her brains rattle in her skull, she knew that something about this dodgeball game was different" - Michael Buckley
"I fixed your car," he said, tossing the keys from a jade dish on the little maple end table." - Molly Harper
"Breaking away from Gideon with some reluctance, Sophie rose to her feet and dusted off her dress. "Please forgive me, my dear Mr. Lightwood- I mean Gideon- but I must go and murder the cook. I shall be directly back." - Cassandra Clare
"It's spider season. Every year, right about now, thousands of the godless eight-legged bastards emerge from the bowels of hell (or the garden, whichever's nearest) with the sole intention of tormenting humankind." - Charlie Brooker
"If looks could kill...well, Dick was already dead, so nothing would happen. But Gabriel was not laughing." - Molly Harper
"I saw a dark void under the platform and had just enough time to think: "Fuck me he's a earthbender." - Ben Aaronovitch
"I'm bored with that line. I never use it anymore. My new line is "In 15 minutes everybody will be famous." - Andy Warhol
"I can’t chitchat and make breakfast at the same time. You could help, you know, instead of standing there like the Queen of England. Although you’re a lot better-looking." - Susan Elizabeth Phillips
"Remind me to show you the latest e-mail from Courtney," he said now, kicking at a rock on the sidewalk. "You won't believe how many different incorrect ways she spelled hors d'oeuvres within the span of a single paragraph." - Aimee Agresti
"Fine, I'll touch you, briefly, but only because you sound like you need the praise that your body's hot, and I'm totally selfless like that." - Kyle Adams
"I had a dream about you. You suggested to split the profits, so I did. I threw one half in the furnace to power the steam engine, and the other half in the air to distract our pursuers." - Bauvard
"You know, you're rather amusingly wrong." - Terry Pratchett
"Silena appeared out of the woods, her sword drawn. Her Aphrodite armour was pink and red, colour coordinated to match her clothes and makeup. She looked like Guerilla Warfare Barbie." - Rick Riordan
"The lot of the bride" - Roman Payne
"A judge is a law student who marks his own examination papers. " - H. L. Mencken
"Neither sleet nor rain nor a half inch of snow will compel me to dress like a lumberjack." - Gayle Forman
"All human males were as fascinated with cars as they were with breasts." - Anita Clenney
"She’d ceased spying upon him, that was true, but the damage was done. Every time he sat at his desk, he could feel her eyes upon him, even though he knew very well she’d shut her curtains tight. But clearly, reality had very little to do with the matter, because all he had to do, it seemed, was glance at her window, and he lost an entire hour’s work." - Julia Quinn
"Go slowly, so that you do not bite your tail by accident." - Christopher Paolini
"Bob, would you be willing to take on Evil Bob?"" - Jim Butcher
"Can I see some ID?"" - Adam Rex
"Don't go there Rule" Lawe warned him softly. " I don't think your horoscope declared today to be a good day to die." - Lora Leigh
"Basil Stag Hare tut-tutted severely as he remarked to Ambrose Spike, 'Tch, tch. Dreadful table manners. Just look at those three wallahs, kicking up a hullaballoo like that! Eating's a serious business." - Brian Jacques
"I can’t believe I’ve missed this sport. It’s all about fingering holes and caressing balls." - K.A. Mitchell
"I'm asking you to tell Lady Cassandra about my good qualities as well as the bad ones."" - Lisa Kleypas
"Nathan, how can you stand playing the same piece over and over again?" And Grandpa Nate answered, "Why don't you ask me how I can stand making love to the same woman over and over again?" - E. L. Konigsburg
"I rubbed at my temple, where the zit was gone. It still hurt a little , though, deep under the skin. I hate those zits that burrow underground. You think they've vanished, but no, they just barricade themselves right next to the bone and hurt." - Lili St. Crow
"Sir," returned Mrs. Sparsit, " I cannot say that i have heard him precisely snore, and therefore must not make that statement. But on winter evenings, when he has fallen asleep at his table, I have heard him, what I should prefer to describe as partially choke. I have heard him on such occasions produce sounds of a nature similar to what may be heard in dutch clocks. Not," said Mrs. Sparsit, with a lofty sense of giving strict evidence, " That I would convey any imputation on his moral character. Far from it." - Charles Dickens
"Advertisements contain the only truths to be relied on in a newspaper." - Mark Twain
"The wider you spread your fingers apart while clapping is equal to the amount of retarded you look while clapping." - Christy Leigh Stewart
"Never in all her life had she imagined that this idolized millinery could look, to those who paid for it, like the decorations of an insane monkey." - Charlotte Perkins Gilman
"Fenchurch had red mullet and said it was delicious." - Douglas Adams
"Huge Jackman has divorced his wife and happened upon my picture in some old article and decided that I'm the woman for him?" - Sherrilyn Kenyon
"In my mind, she was Lebkuchen Spice—ironic, Germanic, sexy, and off beat. And, mein Gott, the girl could bake a damn fine cookie … to the point that I wanted to answer her What do you want for Christmas? with a simple More cookies, please!" - David Levithan
"Satan impregnated my mother one lovely spring morning. We didn’t have the heart to tell my father." - Holly Hood
"He’d spent so much time in the penalty box for fighting last season, he’d been tempted to hang a picture and maybe set up a lava lamp, it had felt so much like home" - Rachel Gibson
"Sweetie, this is Hell. We invented paperwork." - Jackie Kessler
"The man in 4B wondered if he could have your autograph. He told me his daughter is a huge fan." - Tara Janzen
"Nicole can do anything that involves a ball and whistle." - Laurie Halse Anderson
"Well, robots are, of course, the monkey's natural enemy." - Brian K. Vaughan
"Aunt Elizabeth said, 'Do you expect to attend many balls, if I may ask?' and I said, 'Yes, when I am rich and famous.' and Aunt Elizabeth said, 'Yes, when the moon is made of green cheese." - Emily of New Moon
"Keep up," said an irritable voice in her ear. It was Jace, who had dropped back to walk beside her. "I don't want to have to keep looking behind me to make sure nothing's happened to you."" - Cassandra Clare
"If you’re listening to this, congratulations! You survived Doomsday." - Rick Riordan
"I am so tired, I can hardly type these worfs." - Lemony Snicket
"Our problems started in Dallas, when the fire-breathing sheep destroyed the King Tut exhibit." - Rick Riordan
"Whoa, Rebecca," Talia said smiling even wider, "Walking on the wild side, are we?"" - Cinda Williams Chima
"Otter! Otter! Otter!" - T.J. Klune
"Amren,” Rhys drawled, “sends her regards. And as for this one … ” I tried not to flinch away from meeting his stare. “She’s mine,” he said quietly, but viciously enough that Devlon and his warriors nearby heard. “And if any of you lay a hand on her, you lose that hand. And then you lose your head.” I tried not to shiver, as Cassian and Mor showed no reaction at all. “And once Feyre is done killing you,” Rhys smirked, “then I’ll grind your bones to dust." - Sarah J. Maas
"Pops added,"you know, they say if you don't vote, you get the government you deserve."" - E.A. Bucchianeri
"Personally, if I were trying to discourage people from smoking, my sign would be a little different. In fact, I might even go too far in the opposite direction. My sign would say something like, "Smoke if you wish. But if you do, be prepared for the following series of events: First, we will confiscate your cigarette and extinguish it somewhere on the surface of your skin. We will then run you nicotine-stained fingers through a paper shredder and throw them into the street, where wild dogs will swallow them and then regurgitate them into the sewers, so that infected rats can further soil them before they're flushed out to sea with the rest of the city's filth. After such time, we will sysematically seek out your friends and loved one and destroy their lives."" - George Carlin
"Slap-stick comedy is really funny, unless you're the one getting slapped with the stick." - Carroll Bryant
"You set fire to my house, killed my family, and ate my dog. But steal my boyfriend? That's a step too far." - Libba Bray
"Kneel before the king, Griff." I look around for the king. "Me, asshole. I'm the king. Who else would be the king? Wade?"" - Adam Silvera
"His left eyebrow crept higher and higher as I told him the strange bits like the glowing letters and serpent staff. "Well, Sadie," Inspector Williams said. "You've got quite an imagination." "I'm not lying, Inspector. And I think your eyebrow is trying to escape." He tried to look at his own eyebrows, then scowled." - Rick Riordan
"Night clubs are where Americans learn the laws of motion." - Bauvard
"You two were in a cave together?’ said Miss Simpkins in horror." - Kenneth Oppel
"Shit," Delia said. "I mean, shoot. No, actually, I mean shit. I really do." - Sarah Dessen
"Ancient Chinese proverb,” he said, heading toward the kitchen." - Brad Boney
"Every child that receives life advice should keep in mind that in every parent’s past, there’s leftover booze and contraceptives." - Bauvard
"Well, child? Aren't you going to try to turn me into some kind of unspeakable creature?" - Terry Pratchett
"When someone gives me either a democratic or republican pamphlet, I throw it in their face. I’m a librarian, damn it! We only take book donations." - Bauvard
"And she didn't once say anything about this being a sin. It used to be I got the word sin slapped in my face every time I did something wrong, but come on, when you live in a sin-free family with sin-free parents and a sin-free sister, well, you can't help but sin a little extra on their behalf." - Han Nolan
"I've died before. It was boring, so I stood up." - Warren Ellis
"I installed a skylight in my apartment...The people who live above me are" - Steven Wright
"And soon we were just rolling around on the ground, cursing and screeching and ripping out handfuls of hair." - Molly Harper
"Love is like encountering a forest and having to chop down every tree but one. Oh, and you have to chop down each tree by hugging it until it falls. " - Dark Jar Tin Zoo
"I had a dream about you last night." - Michael  Summers
"Tried to escape, to block out the fact that I was being eaten alive by arachnids. For some reason the only thing I could replace it with was the image of being eaten by tiny clowns." - David Wong
"I’ve been practicin’ my morgue face for when I have to go identify your body. Wanna see it?” Nick said then he arranged his face in this kind of mock, sad, shocked look and slowly shook his head like a world with vigilante social workers" - Kristen Ashley
"always schedule your comeback." - Brooke Bida
"I had a dream about you last night. It wasn't until after you sold me the talking car, I realized you were the world’s best ventriloquist." - Michael  Summers
"We are all a little weird. And we like to think that there is always someone weirder. I mean, I am sure some of you are looking at me and thinking, “Well, at least I am not as weird as you,” and I am thinking, “Well, at least I am not as weird as the people in the loony bin,” and the people in the loony bin are thinking, “Well, at least I am an orange”." - Jim Gaffigan
"It wasn't that Nanny Ogg sang badly. It was just that she could hit notes which, when amplified by a tin bath half full of water, ceased to be sound and became some sort of invasive presence." - Terry Pratchett
"When you cross over into the weird stuff, there's no going back. Hector has a theory on it. Calls it the law of 'Anomalous Phenomena Attraction.' He explained it to me once. Didn't really pay attention, but it boils down to 'weird shit pulls in more weird shit." - A. Lee Martinez
"Where did you meet?” he pressed on." - Dannika Dark
"You must be careful when you ask people whether they’re happy; it’s a question that can upset them a great deal." - Francois Lelord
"Caroline stamped her foot in frustration, but when it landed, it landed on something considerably" - Julia Quinn
"Gliding down the bike path on a Saturday morning, you whip by somebody peddling in the opposite direction and give each other a nod. For a moment it's like "Hey, we're both doing the same thing. Let's be friends for a second." - Neil Pasricha
"He sniggered." - Douglas Adams
"Your on your on with this one babe."" - Janet Evanovich
"I`ve got a black woolen hat and it`s got Pervert written across the front of it. It`s the name of the clothing label. And I was with my wife and my baby at the supermarket and I didn`t think. I just put my hat on Clara`s head, because it was cold. And the looks. I couldn`t figure out why I was getting death looks. And then I realized my 10-month old baby`s wearing a hat with the word Pervert written on it and these people were like, `There`s Satan! There`s Satan out with his kid!` And then I made a point of her wearing it every time we went there." - Ewan McGregor
"While looking at a website for liposuction, I learned that it was a six-to eight-week recovery period, the clincher being that, during that time, I would under no circumstances be able to use street drugs. Obviously I had to think of a more realistic approach." - Chelsea Handler
"Guess we're going north," Dev said slowly." - Sherrilyn Kenyon
"May a man live well-, and long-enough, to leave many joyful widows behind him." - Roman Payne
"I walked in on my folks doing it doggy style less than four hours ago."" - MaryJanice Davidson
"You know, there are just some things you never expect to face even on this job. A flying primate that shoots fire out its nose is one of them." - Sherrilyn Kenyon
"Men were good for one thing only. Killing spiders. Other than that, I was on my own. It was sad though. Where was the chivalry of yesteryear?" - Kate Carlisle
"He couldn’t just come right out with it, could he? No, that would scare her off. He had to be subtle, build up to it. Explain himself." - Sarah Mayberry
"That streetside tree is obscuring the air. Cut it down. Haul it in for questioning. There are secrets within that foliage. You might want to separate the branches in different rooms and apply some elementary game theory." - Benson Bruno
"What is it? Tens, I can see the stick up your arse from here. I'm dying remember? Dying people don't have time for silly moods" - Amber Kizer
"Sounds like you kids have some talking to do. I'll be eavesdropping from the kitchen." - Jill Shalvis
"Madison answered. “I said, ‘The Queen thinks the King’s a pussy for sending her to retrieve me. I dare him to catch me if he can." - Gracen Miller
"I lied. I do that, you know, when it suits me. I would have thought you'd realized that by now." - Anne Stuart
"Things Isabella Wouldn't Care About:" - Jim Benton
"Our family was nearly torn apart on several occasions by arguments started when the refrigerator door was open for what my father deemed as ‘too long." - Weston Locher
"Cole, for Christ's sake, will you stop staring at me like I'm beefcake of the month?" - Simon Holt
"I don’t have any regrets,” a famous movie actor said in an interview I recently witnessed. “I’d live everything over exactly the same way." - Benson Bruno
"Advice to explorers everywhere: if you would like to recieve due credit for your discoveries, keep a detailed account of your journeys as Columbus did. On Septemeber 28, 1492, after four weeks at sea, he writes: Dear diary...I means journal. Yes, dear journal. That's what I meant to say. Whew. Anyway, we have yet to discover America, and the crew has become increasingly rebellious. I have decided to turn back if we have not spotted it by Columbus Day. Will write again later if not killed by crew. P.S. Last night's buffet was fabulous, the ice sculptures magnificent." - Cuthbert Soup
"Especially well known around the office is my weakness for dyspareunist women. Most people would find such disparity in unity repelling, but it harmonizes perfectly with my personal tastes." - Benson Bruno
"The x-ray of your skull shows a large, flobby mass floating inside. I have to consult my colleagues to be certain, but it looks like a long sausage snarled into a lump." - Benson Bruno
"Just this past summer, I took online courses in introductory logic and law through civilization. Often the weight of history, with its facts heaped upon facts requiring complex chains of inference to sort through – I mean complex for someone with the soft brain of a tomato merchant; for me the premises are obvious and the conclusions dire and inescapable – threatened to crush me, and I was ultimately forced to abandon the whole undertaking. By way of recovery, I spent the rest of the summer immersed in a Freudian meditation on some choice tabloids. The mysterious lives of celebrities make for challenging induction. The reasoning process involves navigating many gaps in our knowledge of them. What is certain is that under the iceberg of glitz and glamor lie neurotic, depraved individuals with bizarre habits and hobbies, people who think they’re above the law." - Benson Bruno
"He seemed to be staring at the chain hanging from the ceiling fan. Seconds later, he confirmed this by reaching out and tugging the chain." - Jennifer L. Armentrout
"Alex the waiter was on my Spank Naughty list in third place, right after Henry Calvill the actor, then Henry Calvill as Superman. He was proof that God existed, and that God loved straight women." - Penny Reid
"Brought up to respect the conventions, love had to end in marriage. I'm afraid it did." - Bette Davis
"Does he give you zings in your things?" - Penny Reid
"I happen to be a fantastic kisser. Sadly, you will never get to find out." - Elle Kennedy
"They say the path of true love never runs smooth. Well, Luke and my true love's path didn't run at all, it limped along in new boots that were chafing its heels. Blistered and cut, red and raw, every hopping, lopsided step, a little slice of agony." - Marian Keyes
"We have allowed the system to be so corrupted that many want justice to be "empathetic," not blind." - Glenn Beck
"It's a sweet setup, I'll admit. For all that the maids STILL show up each day with jumbo crucifixes, jumpy movements, and red eyes from crying over the short straw that drew them vampire duty.' Yesterday, she'd just stopped herself from raising her clenched hands above her head and chasing one of them around the room groaning, 'I vant to suck your blood." - Kresley Cole
"I had a dream about you last night. Eons ago, we created a Universe, then sat back and watched miniature versions of ourselves try to make all the same mistakes we did." - Michael  Summers
"If a picture paints a thousand words, then a naked picture paints a thousand words without any vowels...." - Josh Stern
"Life is a process during which one initially gets less and less dependent, independent, and then more and more dependent." - Mokokoma Mokhonoana
"Zeb was kindergarten teacher--a good one. I always thought it was because he was the same emotional age as his students." - Molly Harper
"No guest rooms.” I shake my head resolutely. “I want to be in a room room. A lived-in room." - Lauren Oliver
"Faculty Meetings are held whenever the need to show off is combined" - Alexander Theroux
"But you won’t abdicate."" - Mark Helprin
"I scoop a clattering cascade of green apple Jelly Bellys into the white paper bag and remember when we were seven. I got stung by a jellyfish. Tim cried because his mother, and mine, wouldn’t let him pee on my leg, which he’d heard was an antidote to the sting." - Huntley Fitzpatrick
"You want to stab me again, don't you?"" - Molly Harper
"I had a dream about you last night... You replaced all the people in your life with kittens. It felt more like a prediction of the future." - Amy Summers
"You have a bad habit of listing anything that can go wrong, Volger."" - Scott Westerfeld
"Has anyone been corrupted or defiled?"" - Lisa Kleypas
"I think Lafayette wants to rap in French now. I have to go learn some French." - Lin Manuel Miranda
"I had a dream about you. You were on a bike going 70 miles an hour, I could see you approaching my car in the mirror. You were trying to say something so, I jumped on the brakes as hard as I could, I guess I forgot I had tied your bike on my bumper." - Georgia Saratsioti
"Lila!" he said cheerfully. "So you aren't a figment of my brothers imagination after all." - V.E. Schwab
"The world looks very different to me now at twenty. I have outgrown my early opinions and ideals with my short dresses, just as Mrs. Walton said we would. Now the critics can say 'Thou waitest till thy woman's fingers wrought the best that lay within thy woman's heart." - Annie Fellows Johnston
"I had a dream about you last night... you sat in a cardboard box and said you were a tree." - Nicole McKay
"An educated theologian: someone who's better at rationalizing what they're pretending to know." - Peter Boghossian
"I had a dream about you last night… it was raining and you were fishing for fire to set a sandcastle a flame." - Nicole McKay
"I had a dream about you last night... you were crying over spilt ink screaming "the words, the what could have been beautiful words." - Nicole McKay
"Wehehehehell, if it isn’t Ollie-Ollie-oxidant-free..."" - Tom Collins
"I had a dream about you last night.. You pretended not to be a three hole punch." - Amy Summers
=======
>>>>>>> aa6655ca07f4c04edde332125169a5a50a8cf13d
"Mr. Moony presents his compliments to Professor Snape, and begs him to keep his abnormally large nose out of other people's business." - J.K. Rowling
"I DON'T CARE!" Harry yelled at them, snatching up a lunascope and throwing it into the fireplace. "I'VE HAD ENOUGH, I'VE SEEN ENOUGH, I WANT OUT, I WANT IT TO END, I DON'T CARE ANYMORE!"" - J.K. Rowling
"Don't talk to me."" - J.K. Rowling
"He must have known I'd want to leave you."" - J.K. Rowling
"Why are they all staring?" demanded Albus as he and Rose craned around to look at the other students." - J.K. Rowling
"You'll stay with me?'" - J. K. Rowling
"How do you feel, Georgie?" whispered Mrs. Weasley." - J.K. Rowling
"Both Rowling and Meyer, they’re speaking directly to young people. … The real difference is that Jo Rowling is a terrific writer and Stephenie Meyer can’t write worth a darn. She’s not very good." - Stephen King
"Why were you lurking under our window?"" - J.K. Rowling
"He accused me of being Dumbledore's man through and through."" - J.K. Rowling
"The scar had not pained Harry for nineteen years. All was well." - J.K. Rowling
"An Unbreakable Vow?" said Ron, looking stunned. "Nah, he can’t have.... Are you sure?"" - J.K. Rowling
"It's going to be all right, sir," Harry said over and over again, more worried by Dumbledore's silence than he had been by his weakened voice. "We're nearly there ... I can Apparate us both back ... don't worry ..."" - J.K. Rowling
"You care so much you feel as though you will bleed to death with the pain of it." - J.K. Rowling
"Seventeen, eh!" said Hagrid as he accepted a bucket-sized glass of wine from Fred." - J.K. Rowling
"I'm going to keep going until I succeed — or die. Don't think I don't know how this might end. I've known it for years." - J.K. Rowling
"The world isn’t split into good people and Death Eaters." - J.K. Rowling
"A breeze ruffled the neat hedges of Privet Drive, which lay silent and tidy under the inky sky, the very last place you would expect astonishing things to happen. Harry Potter rolled over inside his blankets without waking up. One small hand closed on the letter beside him and he slept on, not knowing he was special, not knowing he was famous, not knowing he would be woken in a few hours' time by Mrs. Dursley's scream as she opened the front door to put out the milk bottles, nor that he would spend the next few weeks being prodded and pinched by his cousin Dudley...He couldn't know that at this very moment, people meeting in secret all over the country were holding up their glasses and saying in hushed voices: "To Harry Potter - the boy who lived!" - J.K. Rowling
"The mind is not a book, to be opened at will and examined at leisure. Thoughts are not etched on the inside of skulls, to be perused by an invader. The mind is a complex and many-layered thing, Potter… or at least, most minds are…" - J.K. Rowling
"I want to commit the murder I was imprisoned for." - J.K. Rowling
"Well?" Ron said finally, looking up at Harry. "How was it?"" - J.K. Rowling
"I dreamed I was buying new shoes last night," said Ron. "What d'ya think that's gonna mean?"" - J.K. Rowling
"Just because it’s taken" - J.K. Rowling
"Who're you going with, then?" said Ron." - J.K. Rowling
"Whether you come back by page or by the big screen, Hogwarts will always be there to welcome you home." - J.K. Rowling
"Ginny, listen...I can't be involved with you anymore. We've got to stop seeing each other. We can't be together."" - J.K. Rowling
"Harry Potter isn’t real? Oh no! Wait, wait, what do you mean by real? Is this video blog real? Am I real if you can see me and hear me, but only through the internet? Are you real if I can read your comment but I don’t know who you are or what your name is or where you’re from or what you look like or how old you are? I know all of those things about Harry Potter. Maybe Harry Potter’s real and you’re not." - John Green
"What's that?" he snarled, staring at the envelope Harry was still clutching in his hand. "If it's another form for me to sign, you've got another -"" - J.K. Rowling
"Have you ever seen anything quite as pathetic?" said Malfoy. "And he’s supposed to be our teacher!"" - J.K. Rowling
"Killing is not so easy as the innocent believe." - J.K. Rowling
"No story lives unless someone wants to listen. The stories we love best do live in us forever. So whether you come back by page or by the big screen, Hogwarts will always be there to welcome you home." - J.K. Rowling
"I wish...I wish" - J.K. Rowling
"Swish and flick." - J.K. Rowling
"Great, tell me when you've defeated Voldemort for me, will you?" - J.K. Rowling
"So why in the name of Merlin’s saggy left —" - J.K. Rowling
"Where your treasure is, there will your heart be also." - Anonymous
"Yeah 'ear 'ear," said George, with half a glance at Fred, the corner of whose mouth twitched." - J.K. Rowling
"I'm Draco Malfoy, I'm Draco, I'm on your side!"" - J.K. Rowling
"I know [Umbridge] by reputation and I'm sure she's no Death Eater—'" - J.K. Rowling
"It was not, after all, so easy to die." - J.K. Rowling
"Harry witnessed Professor McGonagall walking right past Peeves who was determinedly loosening a crystal chandelier and could have sworn he heard her tell the poltergeist out of the corner of her mouth, 'It unscrews the other way." - J.K. Rowling
"These books can't possibly compete with centuries of established history, especially when that history is endorsed by the ultimate bestseller of all time."" - Dan Brown
"I've never stunned anyone except in our D.A. lessons," said Luna, sounding mildly interested. "That was noisier than I thought it would be." - J.K. Rowling
"Hermione drew herself to her full height; her eyes were narrowed and her hair seemed to crackle with electricity." - J.K. Rowling
"Finally, the truth. Lying with his face pressed into the dusty carpet of the office where he had once thought he was learning the secrets of victory, Harry understood at last that he was not supposed to survive." - J.K. Rowling
"We can't choose our fate, but we can choose others. Be careful in knowing that." - J.K. Rowling
"Turn to page three hundred and ninety-four." - J.K. Rowling
"His eyes are as green as a fresh pickled toad," - J.K. Rowling
"The ministry has fallen. Scrimgeour is dead. They are coming." - J.K. Rowling
"But if it matters to you, you'll be able to choose Gryffindor over Slytherin. The Sorting Hat takes your choice into account."" - J.K. Rowling
"Which way did they go, Peeves?" Filch was saying. "Quick, tell me."" - J.K. Rowling
"I see a light in the kitchen. Let us not deprive Molly any longer of the chance to deplore how thin you are." - J.K. Rowling
"Slowly, very slowly, he sat up, and as he did so he felt more alive, and more aware of his own living body than ever before. Why had he never appreciated what a miracle he was, brain and nerve and bounding heart? It would all be gone...or at least, he would be gone from it. His breath came slow and deep, and his mouth and throat were completely dry, but so were his eyes." - J.K. Rowling
"You fail to recognize that it matters not what someone is born, but what they grow to be!" - J.K. Rowling
"October extinguished itself in a rush of howling winds and driving rain and November arrived, cold as frozen iron, with hard frosts every morning and icy drafts that bit at exposed hands and faces." - J.K. Rowling
"Can you think what the Mirror of Erised shows us all?" Harry shook his head." - J.K. Rowling
"Did you see me disarm Hermione, Harry?"" - J.K. Rowling
"I don't think you should be an Auror, Harry," said Luna unexpectedly. Everybody looked at her. "The Aurors are part of the Rotfang Conspiracy, I thought everyone knew that. They're working to bring down the Ministry of Magic from within using a mixture of dark magic and gum disease." - J.K. Rowling
"Hermione had taken his hand again and was gripping it tightly. He could not look at her, but returned the pressure, now taking deep, sharp gulps of the night air, trying to steady himself, trying to regain control. He should have brought something to give them, and he had not thought of it, and every plant in the graveyard was leafless and frozen. But Hermione raised her wand, moved it in a circle through the air, and a wreath of Christmas roses blossomed before them. Harry caught it and laid it on his parent's grave." - J.K. Rowling
"Greatness inspires envy, envy engenders spite, spite spawns lies." - J.K. Rowling
"You will also find that help will always be given at Hogwarts to those who ask for it." - J.K. Rowling
"Muggles have garden gnomes, too, you know," Harry told Ron as they crossed the lawn." - J.K. Rowling
"They heard the click of the mail slot and flop of letters on the doormat." - J. K. Rowling
"Like the fact that the person Sirius cared for the most about in the world was you," said Dumbledore quietly." - J.K. Rowling
"No, thanks," said Harry. "The toilet's never had anything as horrible as your head down it— it might be sick." Then he ran, before Dudley could work out what he'd said." - J.K. Rowling 
"Listeners, that brings us to the end of another Potterwatch. We don’t know when it will be possible to broadcast again, but you can be sure we shall be back. Keep twiddling those dials: the next password will be ‘Mad-Eye.’ Keep each other safe. Keep faith. Good night." - J.K. Rowling
"Well, obviously, she's feeling very sad, because of Cedric dying. Then I expect she's feeling confused because she liked Cedric and now she likes Harry, and she can't work out who she likes best. Then she'll be feeling guilty, thinking it's an insult to Cedric's memory to be kissing Harry at all, and she'll be worrying about what everyone else might say about her if she starts going out with Harry. And she probably can't work out what her feelings towards Harry are anyway, because he was the one who was with Cedric when Cedric died, so that's all very mixed up and painful. Oh, and she's afraid she's going to be thrown off the Ravenclaw Quidditch team because she's flying so badly."" - J.K. Rowling
"They’re evacuating the younger kids and everyone’s meeting in the Great Hall to get organized. We’re fighting." - J.K. Rowling
"Beds empty! No note! Car gone — could have crashed — out of my mind with worry — did you care? — never, as long as I’ve lived — you wait until your father gets home, we never had trouble like this from Bill or Charlie or Percy —"" - J.K. Rowling
"Oh, of course," said Ron, clapping a hand to his forehead. "I forgot we'll be hunting down Voldemort in a mobile library." - J.K. Rowling
"Rita looked as though she would have liked nothing better than to seize the paper umbrella sticking out of Hermione's drink and thrust it up her nose." - J.K. Rowling
"Oh, are you doing magic? Let’s see it, then." - J.K. Rowling
"Longbottom, if brains were gold, you'd be poorer than Weasley, and that's saying something." - J.K. Rowling
"You've sort of made up for it tonight,' said Harry. 'Getting the sword. Finishing off the Horcux. Saving my life.'" - J.K. Rowling
"And it’s Johnson, Johnson with the Quaffle, what a player that girl is, I’ve been saying it for years but she still won’t go out with me —'" - J.K. Rowling
"This is your copy of" - J.K. Rowling
"Draco, do it, or stand aside so one of us -" screeched the woman, but at that precise moment the door to the ramparts burst open once more and there stood Snape, his wand clutched in his hand as his black eyes swept the scene, from Dumbledore slumped against the wall, to the four Death Eaters, including the enraged werewolf, and Malfoy." - J.K. Rowling
"But Ron was staring at Hermione as though suddenly seeing her in a whole new light." - J.K. Rowling
"She should've interviewed Snape," said Harry grimly. "He'd give her the goods on me any day." - J.K. Rowling
"Of course we still want to know you!" Harry said, staring at Hagrid." - J.K. Rowling
"I see you are —" - J.K. Rowling
"Wild!" Ron said, twiddling the replay knob on the side. "I can make that old bloke down there pick his nose again... and again... and again..." - J. K. Rowling
"A red-gold glow burst suddenly across the enchanted sky above them as an edge of dazzling sun appeared over the sill of the nearest window. The light hit both of their faces at the same time, so that Voldemort's was suddenly a flaming blur. Harry heard the high voice shriek as he too yelled his best hope to the heavens, pointing Draco's wand:" - J.K. Rowling
"I am not worried, Harry," said Dumbledore, his voice a little stronger despite the freezing water. "I am with you." - J.K. Rowling
"Three turns should do it." - J.K. Rowling
"Famous Harry Potter," said Malfoy. "Can't even go to a bookshop without making the front page." - J.K. Rowling
"Being in Harry Potter is like being in the Mafia. Once you are in, you are never really out." - Daniel Radcliffe
"Or yet in wise old Ravenclaw," - J.K. Rowling
"The world had ended, so why had the battle not ceased, the castle fallen silent in horror, and every combatant laid down their arms? Harry's mind was in freefall, spinning out of control, unable to grasp the impossibility, because Fred Weasley could not be dead, the evidence of all his senses must be lying—" - J.K. Rowling
"I had a dream about a motorcycle," said Harry, remembering suddenly. "It was flying."" - J.K. Rowling
"Ron's indignation on his behalf was worth about a hundred points to him." - J.K. Rowling
"I WILL NOT TOLERATE MENTION OF YOUR ABNORMALITY UNDER THIS ROOF!" - J.K. Rowling
"As Harry and Ron rounded the clump of trees behind which Harry had first heard the dragons roar, a witch leapt out from behind them." - J.K. Rowling
"And he knew that at that moment, they understood each other perfectly, and when he told her what he was going to do now, she would not say ‘be careful’ or ‘don’t do it’, but she would accept his decision because she would not have expected anything less of him." - J.K. Rowling
"Give her hell from us, Peeves."" - J.K. Rowling
"Yes, my tiara sets off the whole thing nicely," said Auntie Muriel in a rather carrying whisper. "But I must say, Ginevra's dress is far too low-cut."" - J.K. Rowling
"But...surely you know where your nephew is going?' she asked, looking bewildered." - J.K. Rowling
"There is a room in the Department of Mysteries, that is kept locked at all times. It contains a force that is at once more wonderful and more terrible than death, than human intelligence, than forces of nature. It is also, perhaps, the most mysterious of the many subjects for study that reside there. It is the power held within that room that you possess in such quantities and which Voldemort has not at all. That power took you to save Sirius tonight. That power also saved you from possession by Voldemort, because he could not bear to reside in a body so full of the force he detests. In the end, it mattered not that you could not close your mind. It was your heart that saved you." - J. K. Rowling
"Dear Child," - Shannon L. Alder
"I'm dying!" Malfoy yelled, as the class panicked. "I'm dying, look at me! It's killed me!" - J.K. Rowling
"Oh, these people's minds work in strange ways, Petunia, they're not like you and me," said Uncle Vernon, trying to knock in a nail with the piece of fruitcake Aunt Petunia had just brought him." - J.K. Rowling 
"Hello, Professor McGonagall,” said Moody calmly, bouncing the ferret still higher." - J.K. Rowling
"I only want power so I can get books." - Eliezer Yudkowsky
"Who's Kreacher?"" - J.K. Rowling
"And Death spoke to them —’" - J.K. Rowling
"Hermione, if Harry’s seen a Grim, that’s — that’s bad,” he said." - J.K. Rowling
"He read the letter again, but could not take in any more meaning than he had done the first time and was reduced to staring at the handwriting itself. She had made her g's the same way he did : he searched through the letter for every one of them, and each felt like a friendly little wave glimpsed from behind a veil. The letter was an incredible treasure, proof that Lily Potter had lived, really lived, that her warm hand had once moved across this parchment, tracing ink into these letters, these words, words about him, Harry, her son." - J.K. Rowling
"Fools who wear their hearts proudly on their sleeves, who cannot control their emotions, who wallow in sad memories and allow themselves to be provoked this easily — weak people, in other words..." - J.K. Rowling
"Sure you can manage that broom, Potter?" said a cold, drawling voice." - J.K. Rowling
"It's leviOsa, not levioSA!" - J.K. Rowling
"Repeat after me, Mr. Black: I do believe in commas. I do, I do." - Jaida Jones
"To the Dark Lord," - J.K. Rowling
"But from that moment on, Hermione Granger became their friend. Because there are somethings you can't go through in life and become friends, and knocking out a twelve-foot mountain troll is one of them." - J.K. Rowling
"Tell me one last thing,” said Harry. “Is this real? Or has this been happening inside my head?" - J.K. Rowling
"Grabbing a scarf off the chair, I threw it at him." - Jennifer L. Armentrout
"She wasn't the only one to be physically morphed by reader expectation. Miss Havisham was now elderly whether she liked it or not, and Sherlock Holmes wore a deerstalker and smoked a ridiculously large pipe. The problem wasn't just confined to the classics. Harry Potter was seriously pissed off that he'd have to spend the rest of life looking like Daniel Radcliffe." - Jasper Fforde
"I—I didn't think—"" - J.K. Rowling
"Why would I go looking for someone I know wants to kill me?" - J.K. Rowling
"Honestly, woman, you call yourself our mother?" - J.K. Rowling
"They had reached Lockhart's classroom… 'You could've fried an egg on your face' said Ron. 'You'd better hope Creevey doesn't meet Ginny, or they'll be starting a Harry Potter fan club.'" - J.K. Rowling
"Go on, have a pasty," said Harry, who had never had anything to share before or, indeed, anyone to share it with. It was a nice feeling, sitting there with Ron, eating their way through all Harry's pasties, cakes, and candies (the sandwiches lay forgotten)." - J.K. Rowling
"Hermione was screaming again: the sound went through Harry like physical pain." - J.K. Rowling
"I feel I owe you another explanation Harry," said Dumbledore hesitantly. "You may, perhaps, wondered why I never chose you as a prefect? I must confess...that I rather thought...you had enough responsibility to be going on with."" - JK Rowling
"Killing rips the soul apart." - J.K. Rowling
"Scrimgeour: "It's time you learned some respect!"" - J.K. Rowling
"Okay. Now my skin is really prickling. I've read all the Harry Potter books, all five of them. I don't remember any half-blood prince." - Sophie Kinsella
"The poor things keep calling in those – those pumbles, I think they're called – you know, the ones who mend pipes and things – "" - J.K. Rowling
"Mad Eye' Moody on the Avada Kedavra curse: "Not nice," he said calmly. "Not pleasant. And there's no counter curse. There's no blocking it. Only one known person has ever survived it, and he's sitting right in front of me." - J.K. Rowling
"In dreams, we enter a world that’s entirely our own." - J.K. Rowling
"Ron gave a tiny jerk of the head that Harry understood to mean, Well - if you must." - J.K. Rowling
"Because, sometimes you've" - J.K. Rowling
"Oh you is a bad elf, Dobby!" - J.K. Rowling
"I think I'm a tiny bit like Harry 'cos I'd like to have an owl. Yeah, that's the tiny bit, actually." - Daniel Radcliffe
"Which only goes to show that the best of us must sometimes eat our words,' Dumbledore went on, smiling." - J.K. Rowling
"But Death was cunning." - J.K. Rowling
"Parents shouldn't leave their kids unless —unless they've got to." - J.K. Rowling
"Is it true?" he said. "They're saying all down the train that Harry Potter's in this compartment. So it's you, is it?"" - J.K. Rowling
"Yeah,” said Ron, “and lucky Harry doesn’t lose his head in a crisis — ‘there’s no wood,’" - J.K. Rowling
"Friday was an important day for Harry and Ron. They finally managed to find their way down to the Great Hall without getting lost once." - J.K. Rowling
"And what if I wave my wand and nothing happens?" - J.K. Rowling
"With another shock of excitement, Harry saw Sirius give James the thumbs-up." - J.K. Rowling
"Aunt Petunia burst into tears. Hestia Jones gave her an approving look that changed to outrage as Aunt Petunia ran forward and embraced Dudley rather than Harry." - J.K. Rowling
"Hello, Harry!” she said." - J.K. Rowling
"Dudley thought for a moment. It looked like hard work." - J.K. Rowling
"No, Harry, you listen," said Hermione. "We're coming with you. That was decided months ago - years, really." - J.K. Rowling
"Why does any kind of cynicism appeal to people? Because it seems like a mark of maturity, of sophistication, like you’ve seen everything and know better. Or because putting something down feels like pushing yourself up." - Eliezer Yudkowsky
"You should have told her differently,' said Hermione, still with that maddeningly patient air. 'You should have said it was really annoying, but I'd made you promise to come along to the Three Broomsticks, and you really didn't want to go, you'd much rather spend the whole day with her, but unfortunately you thought you really ought to meet me and would she please, please come along with you, and hopefully you'd be able to get away more quickly? And it might have been a good idea to mention how ugly you think I am too,' Hermione added as an afterthought." - J.K. Rowling
"I kind of want to see Mara Crucio their asses." - Michelle Hodkin
"When last I checked, you were a sorcerer, not a Jedi."" - Kate Griffin
"McLaggen makes Grawp look like a gentleman." - J.K. Rowling
"And I must draft an advertisement for the Daily Prophet, too,' he added thoughtfully. 'We'll be needing a new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher.... Dear me, we do seem to run through them, don't we?" - J.K. Rowling
"Hermione slid out of her bunk and moved like a sleepwalker towards Ron, her eyes upon his pale face. She stopped right in front of him, her lips slightly parted, her eyes wide. Ron gave a weak, hopeful smile and half-raised his arms." - J.K. Rowling
"Scared?" Malfoy muttered, so that Lockhart couldn't hear him." - J.K. Rowling
"Don't, Ginny, we'll send you loads of owls." - J.K. Rowling
"All those poor elves I haven’t set free yet, having to stay over during Christmas because there aren’t enough hats!" - J.K. Rowling
"He sounds exactly like Moody," said Harry quietly, tucking the letter away again inside his robes. "'Constant vigilance!' You'd think I walk around with my eyes shut, banging off the walls...." - J.K. Rowling
"That's what they should teach us here. How girls' brains work… It would be more useful than divination, anyway…" - J.K. Rowling
"Hermione turned and beamed at Harry; her eyes, too, were full of tears." - J.K. Rowling
"I think so,' said Professor McGonagall dryly, 'we teachers are rather good at magic, you know." - J.K. Rowling
"At that moment, Harry fully understood for the first time why people said Dumbledore was the only wizard Voldemort had ever feared. The look upon Dumbledore's face as he stared down at the unconscious form of Mad-Eye moody was more terrible than Harry could have ever imagined. There was no benign smile upon Dumbledore's face, no twinkle in the eyes behind the spectacles. There was cold fury in every line of the ancient face; a sense of power radiated from Dumbledore as though he were giving off burning heat." - J.K. Rowling
"No,” said Hermione shortly. “Have either of you seen my copy of" - J.K. Rowling
"He was about to go home, about to return to the place where he had had a family. It was in Godric’s Hollow that, but for Voldemort, he would have grown up and spent every school holiday. He could have invited friends to his house. . . . He might even have had brothers and sisters. . . . It would have been his mother who had made his seventeenth birthday cake. The life he had lost had hardly ever seemed so real to him as at this moment, when he knew he was about to see the place where it had been taken from him." - J.K. Rowling
"Get up, you useless lump, get up!" - J.K. Rowling
"You’ll soon find out some wizarding families are much better than others, Potter. You don’t want to go making friends with the wrong sort. I can help you there." - J.K. Rowling
"Minerva, kindly go to Hagrid's house, where you will find a large black dog sitting in the pumpkin patch. Take the dog to my office, tell him I will be with him shortly, then come back here." - J.K. Rowling
"I am not forgotten, you know, no, I still receive a very great deal of fan mail." - J.K. Rowling
"Is it true that you shouted at Professor Umbridge?'" - JK Rowling
"But Dobby shouted, "You shall not harm Harry Potter! ... He got up, face livid, and pulled out his wand, but Dobby raised a long, threatening finger. "You shall go now," he said fiercely, pointing down at Mr. Malfoy. "You shall not touch Harry Potter. You shall go now." - J.K. Rowling
"No - no - no!" someone was shouting. "No! Fred! No!"" - J.K. Rowling
"Ron's ears turned bright red and he become engrossed in a tuft of grass at his feet, which he prodded with his toe 'he must've known I'd run out on you'." - J.K. Rowling
"My mum always said things we lose have a way of coming back to us in the end. If not always in the ways we expect"." - J k Rowling
"Personal happiness lies in knowing that life is not a checklist of acquisition. Your qualifications are not your life." - J.K. Rowling
"Directly above them, framed in the doorway from the Brain Room, stood Albus Dumbledore, his wand aloft, his face white and furious. Harry felt a kind of electric charge surge through every particle of his body - they were saved." - J.K. Rowling
"Come, daddy, Harry doesn't want to talk to us right now. He's just too polite to say it. ~Luna Lovegood" - J.K. Rowling
"Hogwarts is threatened!” shouted Professor McGonagall. “Man the boundaries, protect us, do your duty to our school!" - J.K. Rowling
"Accio Firebolt!" - J.K. Rowling
"When you are older, you will learn that the first and foremost thing which any ordinary person does is nothing." - Eliezer Yudkowsky
"Don’t get smart - you two are in a heap of trouble!” snarled Anderson. “Names!" - J.K. Rowling
"Was it—was she making a real prediction?'" - J.K. Rowling
"Completely forgetting about dinner, he walked slowly back up to Gryffindor tower. Cho's voice echoing in his ears with every step he took..." - J.K. Rowling
"Hey, look — Harry’s got a Weasley sweater, too!" - J.K. Rowling
"No story lives unless someone wants to listen. So thank you, all of you." - J.K. Rowling
"She picked up the book and then walked back past him into the tent, but as she did so, she brushed the top of his head lightly with her hand. He closed his eyes at her touch, and hated himself for wishing that what she said was true: that Dumbledore had really cared." - J.K. Rowling
"...she wasn't reading Deathly Hallows at all. Her book wasn't orange but rose and water and sand, and featured a kid on a broomstick and white unicorn. Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone. She didn't notice me staring at her." - Melissa Anelli
"As far as informing the headmaster, Harry had no idea where Dumbledore went during the summer holidays. He amused himself for a moment, picturing Dumbledore, with his long silver beard, full-length wizard's robes, and pointed hat, stretched out on a beach somewhere, rubbing suntan lotion onto his long crooked nose." - J.K. Rowling
"Facing this stuff, in real life is not like school, in school, if you make a mistake you can just try again tomorrow, but out there...when your a second away from being murdered or watching a friend die right before your eyes...you don't know what that's like." - J.K. Rowling
"Well, you can't break an Unbreakable Vow...."" - J.K. Rowling
"Yes, Harry Potter!” said Dobby at once, his great eyes shining with excitement. “And if Dobby does it wrong, Dobby will throw himself off the topmost tower, Harry Potter!" - J.K. Rowling
"William Shakespeare: 'Close up this din of hateful decay, decomposition of your witches' plot! You thieve my brains, consider me your toy, my doting doctor tells me I am not!'" - Gareth Roberts
"It was as though they had been plunged into a fabulous dream." - J.K. Rowling
"Who was this women?' asked Harry." - J.K. Rowling
"Yeah,” said Harry. “No more pretending we care what happens when Jupiter and Uranus get too friendly . . ." - J.K. Rowling
"DUMBLEDORE: You ask me, of all people, how to protect a boy in terrible danger? We cannot protect the young from harm. Pain must and will come." - Jack Thorne
"Never tickle a sleeping dragon." - J.K. Rowling
"First think of the person who lives in disguise," - J.K. Rowling
"He’s gone, Harry told himself. He’s gone. He had to keep thinking it as he washed and dressed, as though repetition would dull the shock of it. He’s gone and he’s not coming back. And that was the simple truth of it, Harry knew, because their protective enchantments meant that it would be impossible, once they vacated this spot, for Ron to find them again." - J.K. Rowling
"Aha! What villains are these, that trespass upon my private lands! Come to scorn at my fall, perchance? Draw, you knaves, you dogs!" - J.K. Rowling
"i'm going to bed before either of you come up with another clever idea to get us killed or worse expelled" - Hermione Jean Granger Weasley
"Boys," said Hermione Granger, "should not be allowed to love girls without asking them first! This is true in a number of ways and especially when it comes to gluing people to the ceiling!" - Eliezer Yudkowsky
"I hate being poor." - J.K. Rowling
"Voldemort the corn snake with the shoe fetish. Wonderful." - Huntley Fitzpatrick
"Don't let the muggles get you down." - JK Rowling
"Plus, how can she be your soul mate? Didn't you tell me she'd never read Harry Potter? Do you really want to spend the rest of your life with someone like that? I mean, for God's sake, think of your children. What kind of environment would they be growing up in with such a mother?" - Krystal Sutherland
"In this lifetime we are like Superman who must remain disguised as the nerdy newspaper journalist Clark Kent, or Harry Potter and his friends who are not allowed to do magic while they are on holiday, away from Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry... but even Harry Potter and Clark Kent get to tap into their ‘special powers’ once in a while, especially when the going gets tough." - Anthon St. Maarten
"I like a quiet life, you know me." - J.K. Rowling
"Half an hour later, each of them had been given a complicated circular chart, and was attempting to fill in the position of the planets at their moment of birth. It was dull work, requiring much consultation of timetables and calculation of angles." - J.K. Rowling
"Ama o andan sonra, Hermione Granger arkadaşları oldu. Bazı olaylar vardır, dostluklara yol açar," - J.K.Rowling Harry Potter
"How can I have hung round you for five years and not think girls are clever?" - J.K. Rowling
"And that was when I saw what Cassidy had done to herself: the gold and red ribbing on her sweater-vest, the matching stripes on her tie, the gray uniform skirt, and the navy blazer draped over her arm..." - Robyn Schneider
"Hay que tener un gran valor para enfrentarse a nuestros enemigos, pero se necesita aún más valor para enfrentarse a nuestros amigos." - J.K. Rowling
"NO!" - J.K. Rowling
"And anyway, it’s not as though I’ll never see Mum again, is it?" - J.K. Rowling
"Your father is alive in you, Harry, and shows himself most plainly when you need of him. How else could you produce that particular Patronus? Prongs rode again last night." - J.K. Rowling
"They stuff people’s heads down the toilet the first day at Stonewall,” he told Harry. “Want to come upstairs and practice?" - J.K. Rowling
"Play Quidditch at all?" - J.K. Rowling
"That wand’s more trouble than it’s worth,” said Harry. “And quite honestly,” he turned away from the painted portraits, thinking now only of the four-poster bed lying waiting for him in Gryffindor Tower, and wondering whether Kreacher might bring him a sandwich there, “I’ve had enough trouble for a lifetime." - J.K. Rowling
"I say to you all, once again -- in the light of Lord Voldemort's return, we are only as strong as we are united, as weak as we are divided. Lord Voldemort's gift for spreading discord and enmity is very great. We can fight it only by showing an equally strong bond of friendship and trust. Differences of habit and language are nothing at all if our aims are identical and our hearts are open." - J.K. Rowling
"By the time she had interpreted Harry's dreams at the top of her voice (all of which, even the ones that involved eating porridge, apparently foretold a gruesome and early death), he was feeling much less sympathetic toward her." - J.K. Rowling
"Without cunning, there is no innovation. Without ambition, there is no accomplishment." - Slytherin
"Not at all up to your usual standard, Hermione. Only one out of three, I’m afraid. I have not been helping Sirius get into the castle and I certainly don’t want Harry dead. But I won’t deny that I am a werewolf." - J. K. Rowling
"To pursue wisdom is to live in such a way that one is prepared to face death when it comes. (247)" - Gregory Bassham
"Ron's eyebrows rose so high that they were in danger of disappearing into his hair." - J.K. Rowling
"There are plenty of eyewitness accounts, just because you're so narrow-minded you need to have everything shoved under your nose before you—" - J.K. Rowling
"I have seen your heart, and it is mine." - J.K. Rowling
"Hufflepuffs are particularly good finders!" - Cedric Diggory in A Very Potter Musical
"Fever jumped aside just in time to dodge the shower of urine, and stumbled into the path of a religious procession - celebrants in robes and pointed hats whirling and clapping and chanting the name of some old-world prophet," - Philip Reeve
"Do you mean to tell me’, he growled a the Dursleys, ‘that this boy- this boy! - knows nothin’ abou’ - about ANYTHING?’" - J.K. Rowling
"Amazing, how much more difficult it was to extend his arm twelve inches and touch her hand than it was to snatch a speeding Snitch from midair ..." - J. K. Rowling
"Gilderoy Lockhart, Order of Merlin, Third Class, Honorary Member of the Dark Force Defense League, and five times winner of Witch Weekly's Most Charming Smile Award. But I don't talk about that; I didn't get rid of the Banden Banshee by smiling at him." - J.K. Rowling
"DUMBLEDORE: [...] To suffer is as human as to breathe." - Jack Thorne
"The words came out before Harry had quite got his tongue around them." - J.K. Rowling
"A letter?” repeated Professor McGonagall faintly, sitting back down on the wall. “Really Dumbledore, you think you can explain all this in a letter? These people will never understand him! He’ll be famous—a legend—I wouldn’t be surprised if today was known as Harry Potter day in the future—there will be books written about Harry—every child in our world will know his name! ..." - J.K. Rowling
"Fred, George, Harry, and Ron were the only ones who knew that the angel on top of the tree was actually a garden gnome that had bitten Fred on the ankle as he pulled up carrots for Christmas dinner. Stupefied, painted gold, stuffed into a miniature tutu and with small wings glued to its back, it glowered down at them all, the ugliest angel Harry had ever seen, with a large bald head like a potato and rather hairy feet." - J.K. Rowling
"I've got two Neptunes here," said Harry after a while, frowning down at his piece of parchment, "that can't be right, can it?"" - J.K Rowling Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire
"Like all young people, you are quite sure that you alone feel and think, you alone recognize danger, you alone are the only one clever enough to realise..." - J.K. Rowling
"If there is one thing Voldemort cannot understand, it is love." - J.K. Rowling
"Very astute, Harry, but the mouth organ was only ever a mouth organ." - Albus Dumbledore" - J.K. Rowling
"The truth." Dumbledore sighed. "It is a beautiful and terrible thing, and should therefore be treated with great caution. However, I shall answer your questions unless I have a very good reason not to, in which case I beg you'll forgive me. I shall not, of course, lie." - J.K. Rowling
"Those patient Hufflepuffs are true and unafraid of toil." - J.K. Rowling
"And again Harry understood without having to think. It did not matter about bringing them back, for he was about to join them. He was not really fetching them: They were fetching him." - J.K. Rowling
"There you go, Harry!” Ron shouted over the noise. “You weren’t being thick after all — you were showing moral fiber!" - J.K. Rowling
"Maybe he murdered Myrtle; that would’ve done everyone a favor. . . ." - J.K. Rowling
"Harry Potter," he said very softly. His voice might have been part of the spitting fire. "The Boy Who Lived."" - J.K. Rowling
"A thousand years or more ago," - JK Rowling
"She needs to sort out her priorities" - Ron Weasley
"I'm a what?" gasped Harry." - J.K. Rowling
"I'm serious, Harry, don't go." But Harry only had one thought in his head, which was to get back in front of the mirror, and Ron wasn't going to stop him." - J.K. Rowling
"There is no point in apportioning blame. What is done, is done." - J.K. Rowling
"Daddy's gone mad, hasn't he?" - J.K. Rowling
"It is my baby and if I want to bring it out to play again, I will." - J.K. Rowling
"Perhaps you have been looking in the wrong places." - J.K. Rowling
"The owls are gathering; find out why soon." - J.K. Rowling
"I will be sharing additional information I've been hoarding for years about the world of Harry Potter" - J.K. Rowling
"Second, the reason to embrace and celebrate these novels as the countercultural event that they are is due largely to the subliminal messages delivered by Harry and friends in their stolen wheelbarrows. Readers walk away, maybe a little softer on the occult than they were, but with story-embedded messages: the importance of a pure soul; love's power even over death; about sacrifice and loyalty; a host of images and shadows about Christ and how essential 'right belief' is for personal transformation and victory over internal and external evils." - John Granger
"My point is that this Potter business has legs. It will run and run, and we must be utterly mad, as a country, to leave it to the Americans to make money from a great British invention. I appeal to the children of this country and to their Potter-fiend parents to write to Warner Bros and Universal, and perhaps, even, to the great J K herself. Bring Harry home to Britain—and if you want a site with less rainfall than Rome, with excellent public transport, and strong connections to Harry Potter, I have just the place." - Boris Johnson
"Will there ever be an encyclopedia? Possibly. I would say two things about the encyclopedia: firstly, I’ve always said and I stand by it, whenever I do do a printed encyclopedia I would like all the proceeds to go to charity. Back in 1998 I never dreamt I personally I would be in the position that I could set up a large charitable foundation and personally do things for charity, and I’ve done other charity books already." - J.K. Rowling
"I like the idea of Warrior Flitwick running to save the day by screaming, "Let's do some charm harm, my snitches!" - Dan Bergstein
"Fred and George exchanged looks." - J.K. Rowling
"By the way, the Harry Potter series is literature, in spite of what some people might say. The way J.K. Rowling worked that world out is quite something." - Gary Oldman
"Listen, Harr,y can I have a go on it? Can I?"" - J.K. Rowling
"Then you get the wrong answer and you can't go to the Moon that way! Nature isn't a person, you can't trick them into believing something else, if you try to tell the Moon it's made of cheese you can argue for days and it won't change the Moon! What you're talking about is rationalization, like starting with a sheet of paper, moving straight down to the bottom line, using ink to write 'and therefore, the Moon is made of cheese', and then moving back up to write all sorts of clever arguments above. But either the Moon is made of cheese or it isn't. The moment you wrote the bottom line, it was already true or already false. Whether or not the whole sheet of paper ends up with the right conclusion or the wrong conclusion is fixed the instant you write down the bottom line." - Eliezer Yudkowsky
"I furrowed my brows at him. What was so amazing about a stick? I could pick one up outside on the way to the car." - Brandi Salazar
"I have given you your liberty, Lucius, is that not enough for you? But I have noticed that you and your family seem less than happy of late. . . . What is it about my presence in your home that displeases you, Lucius?" - J.K. Rowling
"seperti telah kubuktikan kepadamu, aku bisa membuat kesalahan seperti orang lain. Malah, karena aku -maafkan aku- agak lebih pintar daripada sebagian besar orang, kesalahanku cenderung lebih besar juga." - J.K. Rowling
"I'm not going anywhere!" said Harry fiercely. "One of my best friends is Muggle-born; she'll be first in line if the Chamber really has been opened..." - J.K. Rowling
"You ask me, of all people, how to protect a boy in terrible danger? We cannot protect the young from harm. Pain must and will come." - Jack Thorne
"Alors, Hermione, tu admires toujours autant Lockhart, maintenant? dit Ron à travers le rideau. Si Harry avait eu envie d'être transformé en mollusque, il l'aurait demandé." - J.K. Rowling
"Demi persahabatan! Demi kebaikan hati! Demi sepuluh Galleon per helai rambut-!" - J.K. Rowling
"Okay," said Harry, staring at it, "Pear Drop. Er – Licorice Wand. Fizzing Whizbee. Drooble's Best Blowing Gum. Bertie Bott's Every Flavor Beans… oh no, he doesn't like them, does he?… oh just open, can't you?" He said angrily. "I really need to see him, it's urgent!" The gargoyle remained immovable. Harry kicked it, achieving nothing but an excruciating pain in his big toe. "Chocolate frog!" he yelled angrily, standing on one leg. "Sugar Quill! Cockroach Cluster! The gargoyle sprang to life and jumped aside. Harry blinked." - J.K. Rowling
"Apa peduli saya bagaimana tampangnya? Saya cukup cantik untuk kami berdua, menurut saya! Semua luka ini hanya menunjukkan bahwa suami saya pemberani!.." - J.K. Rowling
"The Chamber Of Secrets had been opened." - J.K. Rowling
"Like that's the only reason anyone would ever buy a first-aid kit? Don't take this the wrong way, Professor McGonagall, but what sort of crazy children are you used to dealing with?"" - Eliezer Yudkowsky
"Orange, Longbottom." - J.K. Rowling
"The Chasers throw the Quaffle and put it through the hoops to score,” Harry recited. “So — that’s sort of like basketball on broomsticks with six hoops, isn’t it?" - J.K. Rowling
"It's alright" said a dreamy voice from beside Harry as Ron vanished into the coach's dark interior. "You're not going mad or anything. I can see them too."" - J.K. Rowling
"You can't give a Dementor the old one-two!" - J.K. Rowling
"Love as powerful as your mother's for you leaves it's own mark. To have been loved so deeply, even though the person who loved us is gone, will give us some protection forever." - J.K.Rowling
"Yeh don’ have ter be ashamed of what yeh are." - J.K. Rowling
"Look,' he says, 'have you ever looked forward to reading a book so much you can't actually start it?'" - Beth O'Leary
"JK Rowling combines the ideas and imagination of an entire Hollywood movie studio with the precise execution of an extremely efficient dictator." - Stephen Prosapio
"In the words of Mr Thierry Coup of Warner Bros: 'We are taking the most iconic and powerful moments of the stories and putting them in an immersive environment. It is taking the theme park experience to a new level.' And of course I wish Thierry and his colleagues every possible luck, and I am sure it will be wonderful. But I cannot conceal my feelings; and the more I think of those millions of beaming kids waving their wands and scampering the Styrofoam turrets of Hogwartse_STmk, and the more I think of those millions of poor put-upon parents who must now pay to fly to Orlando and pay to buy wizard hats and wizard cloaks and wizard burgers washed down with wizard meade_STmk, the more I grind my teeth in jealous irritation." - Boris Johnson
"The battle is always the same, just with different chapters." - G. Norman Lippert
"How to read "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone"? Why, very quickly, to begin with, and perhaps also to make an end. Why read it? Presumably, if you cannot be persuaded to read anything better, Rowling will have to do." - Harold Bloom
"Harry: "Have you…" he began. "I mean, who … has anyone you known ever died?"" - J.K. Rowling
"You’re mental,” said George, trying to push it back at Harry." - Fred and George Weasley
"All my shoes somehow magically disappeared. But I'm not concerned. They'll show up sometime - even when you least expect it." - Luna Lovegood
"DUMBLEDORE: No. I was protecting you. I did not want to hurt you . . ." - Jack Thorne
"Palavras são, na minha nada humilde opinião, nossa inesgotável fonte de magia. Capazes de formar grandes sofrimentos e também de remedia-los." - J. K. Rowling
"Ce qu'il voyait dépasser de sa manche ressemblait à un gros gant en caoutchouc, couleur chair. Il essayer de remuer ses doigts, mais rien ne se produisit." - J.K. Rowling
"This girl is very nice-looking,” Krum said, recalling Harry to his surroundings. Krum was pointing at Ginny, who had just joined Luna. “She is also a relative of yours?" - J.K. Rowling
"They call it the Dementor’s Kiss,” said Lupin, with a slightly twisted smile. “It’s what dementors do to those they wish to destroy utterly. I suppose there must be some kind of mouth under there, because they clamp their jaws upon the mouth of the victim and — and suck out his soul.” Harry accidentally spat out a bit of butterbeer. “What — they kill — ?” “Oh no,” said Lupin. “Much worse than that. You can exist without your soul, you know, as long as your brain and heart are still working. But you’ll have no sense of self anymore, no memory, no… anything. There’s no chance at all of recovery. You’ll just — exist. As an empty shell. And your soul is gone forever… lost." - J.K. Rowling
"Avada Kedavra!” “Expelliarmus!” The bang was like a cannon blast, and the golden flames that erupted between them, at the dead center of the circle they had been treading, marked the point where the spells collided. Harry saw Voldemort’s green jet meet his own spell, saw the Elder Wand fly high, dark against the sunrise, spinning across the enchanted ceiling like the head of Nagini, spinning through the air toward the master it would not kill, who had come to take full possession of it at last. And Harry, with the unerring skill of the Seeker, caught the wand in his free hand as Voldemort fell backward, arms splayed, the slit pupils of the scarlet eyes rolling upward. Tom Riddle hit the floor with a mundane finality, his body feeble and shrunken, the white hands empty, the snakelike face vacant and unknowing. Voldemort was dead, killed by his own rebounding curse, and Harry stood with two wands in his hand, staring down at his enemy’s shell." - J.K. Rowling
"But you would think, wouldn't you, that getting hit forty-five times in the neck with a blunt axe would qualify you to join the Headless Hunt? - Sir Nicholas de Mimsy" - J.K. Rowling
"You don’t believe it either?” Harry asked him." - J.K. Rowling
"Maybe a man in a million could unite the Hallows, Harry. I was fit only to possess the meanest of them, the least extraordinary. I was fit to own the Elder Wand, and not to boast of it, and not to kill with it. I was permitted to tame and to use it, because I took it, not for gain, but to save others from it." - J.K. Rowling
"Harry Potter: I know this witch with no nose." - Harry Potter Fanclub
"But Harry had eyes only for the man who stood in the largest portrait directly behind the headmaster’s chair. Tears were sliding down from behind the half-moon spectacles into the long silver beard, and the pride and the gratitude emanating from him filled Harry with the same balm as phoenix song." - J.K. Rowling
"Quirrel said Snape-"" - J.K. Rowling
"THE BOY WHO LIVED Mr. and Mrs. Dursley, of number four, Privet Drive, were proud to say that they were perfectly normal, thank you very much." - J.K. Rowling
"Mr. Moony presents his compliments to Professor Snape, and begs him to keep his abnormally large nose out of other people's business" - J.K. Rowling
"El mundo no se divide en gente buena y mala; todos tenemos luz y oscuridad dentro de nosotros, lo que importa es la parte a la que obedecemos, eso es lo que realmente somos” Sirius Black." - J.K. Rowling
"El problema es que los humanos tienen el don de elegir precisamente las cosas que son peores para ellos." - J.K. Rowling
"Only children simply accept the fact that their parents have the right to make choices for them. Even disobedient children never question the fact that their parents have that right. They may choose to flout the rules, but they don't question their parents' right to make those rules." - The Mirror of Maybe
"But you are normal!' Harry said fiercely. 'You've just got a - a problem-'" - J.K. Rowling
"Harry knew that Hermione had meant well, but that didn’t stop him from being angry with her." - J.K. Rowling
"No one ever lived after he decided ter kill ’em, no one except you, an’ he’d killed some o’ the best witches an’ wizards of the age — the McKinnons, the Bones, the Prewetts — an’ you was only a baby, an’ you lived." - J.K. Rowling
"As Hagrid had said, what would come, would come ... and he would have to meet it when it did" - J.K. Rowling
"Dumbledore turned gravely to Harry, and raised his goblet once more. Nearly everyone in the Great Hall followed suit. They mumured his name, as they had murmured Cedric's, and drank to him. But, through a gap in the standing figures, Harry saw that Malfoy, Crabbe, Goyle and many of the other Slytherins had remained defiantly in their seats, their goblets untouched." - J.K. Rowling
"We are great if we have courage and friendship, but not if we only read books." - J.K. Rowling
"And my name's Malfoy, Draco Malfoy." - J.K. Rowling
"Why can't Dumbledore teach Harry?" asked Sirius aggressively. "Why you?"" - J.K. Rowling
"You have no subtlety, Potter," said Snape, his dark eyes glittering. "You do not understand fine distinctions. It is one of the shortcomings that makes you such a lamentable potion-maker." - J.K. Rowling
"Although I have removed the usual library-book spells from this volume, I cannot promise that every trace has gone. Madam Pince has been known to add unusual jinxes to the books in her care. I myself doodled absent-mindedly on a copy of Theories of Transubstantial Transfiguration last year and next moment found the book beating me fiercely around the head." - Albus Dumbledore J.K. Rowling
"Please be careful how you treat this book. Do not rip out the pages. Do not drop it in the bath. I cannot promise that Madam Pince will not swoop down on you, wherever you are, and demand a heavy fine." - Albus Dumbledore J.K. Rowling
"All that remains is for me to thank you for supporting Comic Relief and to beg Muggles not to try Quidditch at home; it is, of course, an entirely fictional sport and nobody really plays it. May I also take this opportunity to wish Puddlemere United the best of luck next season." - Albus Dumbledore J.K. Rowling
"Guthrie Lochrin, a Scottish wizard writing in 1107, spoke of the 'splinter-filled buttocks and bulging piles' he suffered after a short broom ride from Montrose to Arbroath." - Kennilworthy Whisp
"Harry suddenly turned to Ron." - J.K. Rowling
"It's just a pity they let the old punishments die out ... hang you by your wrists from the ceiling for a few days, I've got the chains still in my office, keep 'em well oiled in case they're ever needed ..." - J.K. Rowling
"Always the innocent are the first victims,' he said. 'So it has been for ages past, so it is now.'" - J.K. Rowling
"Devil's Snare, Devil's Snare ... What did Professor Sprout say? It likes the dark and the damp -'" - J.K. Rowling
"It was the best evening of Harry's life, better than winning at Quidditch or Christmas or knocking out mountain trolls ... he would never, ever forget tonight." - J.K. Rowling
"Ron couldn't get worked up, it was too hot." - J.K. Rowling
"And suddenly, their wardrobes were empty, their trunks were packed, Neville’s toad was found lurking in a corner of the toilets; notes were handed out to all students, warning them not to use magic over the holidays (‘I always hope they’ll forget to give us these,’ said Fred Weasley sadly)." - J.K. Rowling
"Poor old Snuffles,' said Ron, breathing deeply. 'He must really like you, Harry... imagine having to live off rats." - J.K. Rowling
"I read the books very quickly, and might have missed something,” said Bethel, “Did Hermione give Ron a handjob?" - Alexander Wales
"You have not asked me, for instance, what is my favourite flavour of jam, to check that I am indeed Professor Dumbledore, and not an imposter.'" - J.K. Rowling
"What have you been doing to that book, you depraved boy?'" - J.K. Rowling
"The owner of the most dangerous weapon should always fear attack." - J.K. Rowling
"It’s easier to forgive someone who was wrong than to forgive someone who was right." - J.K. Rowling
"Is this real? Or has this been happening inside my head?'" - JK Rowling
"Oh my god. Don’t tell me you don’t know your Hogwarts house. Pottermore? The Sorting Hat Quiz?" - Alexandria Bellefleur
"Harry Potter heals all." - Christine Riccio
"It's all right," said a dreamy voice from beside Harry as Ron vanished into the coach's dark interior. "You're not going mad or anything. I can see them, too."" - J.K. Rowling
"Anyway, you won’t be going up to school in the carriages, you’ll be going in the boats.” Ginny kissed Albus good-bye. “See you at Christmas.” “Bye, Al,” said Harry as his son hugged him. “Don’t forget Hagrid’s invited you to tea next Friday. Don’t mess with Peeves. Don’t duel anyone till you’ve learned how. And don’t let James wind you up.” “What if I’m in Slytherin?” The whisper was for his father alone…" - J.K. Rowling
"There’s the silver lining I’ve been looking for,' she whispered, and then she was kissing him as she had never kissed him before, and Harry was kissing her back, and it was blissful oblivion, better than firewhisky; she was the only real thing in the world, Ginny, the feel of her, one hand at her back and one in her long, sweet-smelling hair —" - J.K. Rowling
"I don't wish to make any spurious claims but when you see photos of me from the same time that J.K. lived in Winterbourne and we went to school together, it does make me wonder who her visual inspiration was for the Harry Potter character." - Wayne  Hussey
"I will watch Harry Potter before I die." - Joanna Cannon, Three Things About Elsie
"…we’re all grappling with what to do with our Harry Potter memorabilia now that J.K. Rowling insists on being a TERF, isn’t it?" - R.F. Kuang
"Maybe he is, maybe he isn't, but the fact remains he can move faster than Severus Snape confronted with shampoo." - Fred Weasley (pg. 444 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows)
"[Harry Potter]'s in a battle with Satan himself, obviously. [...] And she has an unbelievable profound mythological imagination, and the thing that's so fascinating about all of that is that because her mythological imagination is spot on, she captivated the entire globe, and produced this immense storehouse of wealth and dominated the entertainment landscape for a decade, and you know people don't take that seriously. But it's a great mystery to watch, and absolutely they should. It's [phenomenal] you know, anything that grips people's attention like that is obviously worth paying attention to." - Jordan B. Peterson
"This is You-Know-Who we're talking about, right? Not you?" inquired Ron." - J.K. Rowling
"I’m putting the Elder Wand,” he told Dumbledore, who was watching him with enormous affection and admiration, “back where it came from. It can stay there. If I die a natural death like Ignotus, its power will be broken, won’t it? The previous master will never have been defeated. That’ll be the end of it." - J.K. Rowling
"He was a skinny, black-haired, bespectacled boy who had the pinched, slightly unhealthy look of someone who has grown a lot in a short space of time. His jeans were torn and dirty, his T-shirt baggy and faded, and the soles of his trainers were peeling away from the uppers. Harry Potter’s appearance did not endear him to the neighbors, who were the sort of people who thought scruffiness ought to be punishable by law, but as he had hidden himself behind a large hydrangea bush this evening he was quite invisible to passersby. In fact, the only way he would be spotted was if his Uncle Vernon or Aunt Petunia stuck their heads out of the living room window and looked straight down into the flower bed below." - J.K. Rowling
"Dumbledore expected Voldemort might violate his tomb and take the wand. He had hoped that any spell Voldemort cast against Snape with it would fail because the Elder Wand would not kill its master, especially if its master counteracted with purely defensive magic, as Harry did and Snape surely would have." - Lorrie Kim
"The only thing Harry liked about his own appearance was a very thin scar on his forehead that was shaped like a bolt of lightning." - J.K. Rowling
"The enormity of his decision not to race Voldemort to the wand still scared Harry. He could not remember, ever before, choosing not to act. He was full of doubts, doubts that Ron could not help voicing whenever they were together. “What if Dumbledore wanted us to work out the symbol in time to get the wand?” “What if working out what the symbol meant made you ‘worthy’ to get the Hallows?” “Harry, if that really is the Elder Wand, how the hell are we supposed to finish off You-Know-Who?” Harry had no answers: There were moments when he wondered whether it had been outright madness not to try to prevent Voldemort breaking open the tomb. He could not even explain satisfactorily why he had decided against it: Every time he tried to reconstruct the internal arguments that had led to his decision, they sounded feebler to him. The odd thing was that Hermione’s support made him feel just as confused as Ron’s doubts. Now forced to accept that the Elder Wand was real, she maintained that it was an evil object, and that the way Voldemort had taken possession of it was repellent, not to be considered. “You could never have done that, Harry,” she said again and again." - J.K. Rowling
"In the books, Harry does not snap the Elder wand. He uses it to fix his own wand, and returns the wand to Dumbledore’s tomb." - Jane Snow
"Silente aprì gli occhi. Piton era sconvolto." - J.K. Rowling
"Silente aprì gli occhi. Piton era sconvolto." - J.K. Rowling
"It was like having an extremely talkative shadow." - J.K. Rowling
"Infinite Jest is about as literary as Harry Potter. It could be a perfectly innocuous book in the sci-fi genre. Let’s not confuse the issue. Let’s stop the fuss." - A.D. Aliwat
"One last place we haven’t checked. There’s a closet out here on the landing you can sleep in, if you can fit." - S.A. Hunt
"Of course we still want to know you!” Harry said, staring at Hagrid." - J K Rowling
"Relative to other Harry Potter people, I’m in it medium. As it is for, I assume, plenty of other adults with emotional problems, Harry Potter is a reliable security blanket for me—during challenging periods in my life, listening to the (Jim Dale) audiobooks has been the only thing that gets me to sleep. It’s low-stakes and goofy, but also high-stakes and I care about the characters, plus there’s magic. Those are all of my needs. However, the best thing about Harry Potter, the thing that keeps me hooked year after year, is that the internal logic barely hangs together. None of it makes any sense! The best thing about Harry Potter is that I hate it!!!" - Lindy West
"They say it’s excruciatingly difficult to become an animagus and takes years and years of study (except that even flushable wipe Peter Pettigrew figured it out in, like, one year as a teenager, but okay1), yet McGonagall uses it literally exclusively to blow kids’ minds on the first day of Transfiguration class. Ma’am, you are engaged in guerilla warfare against a shadow army of fascists that can do magic. Turn into a cat one time?" - Lindy West
"...disband Slytherin! Why keep it? Do we need it? Why have one house that’s evil? Especially when your whole society is so scared of evil wizards they can’t even say one guy’s name out loud? Wizard hack: don’t send fully one-quarter of your children to Evil School, and maybe end up with 100 percent fewer evil wizards." - Lindy West
"Love exists outside of space. So fill yourself up and reach towards the outer edges. Like an undetectable extension charm. There will always be more room to spread." - Lance Isakov
"[…] Auch erzählte er ihnen, daß [Lord Zabini] ab und zu einen Muggelleichnam dazu verwende, seinen Tod vorzutäuschen, um seine Frau dann unter einem anderen Namen zu heiraten. Er und sie würden es total lustig finden, daß sie dadurch von allen für eine Schwarze Witwe gehalten werde, da noch niemand […] ihr Spiel durchschaut habe. […]" - Bill Weasley666
"Hermione’s not the only one willing to open a book, you know? It’s textbooks I don’t care for… hundred pages of twaddle for every useful bit." - Mike [FP]
"True patriotism is also born when you sacrifice for your country." - Sameer Khan Brohi
"Being different isn't a bad thing. It means you're brave enough to be yourself - Luna Lovegood" - J.K. Rowling
"She was wearing her glasses now, at least, along with an enormous pink dressing gown and a pair of equally enormous bunny-ear slippers. The slippers surprised him until he remembered that Chloe used cuteness to disguise her inner evil. Sort of like Professor Umbridge." - Talia Hibbert
"The Ravenclaw team, dressed in blue, were already standing in the middle of the field. Their Seeker, Cho Chang, was the only girl on their team. She was shorter than Harry by about a head, and Harry couldn't help noticing, nervous as he was, that she was extremely pretty. She smiled at Harry as the teams faced each other behind their captains, and he felt a slight lurch in the region of his stomach that he didn't think had anything to do with nerves." - J.K. Rowling
"Rather later, she would attempt to pinpoint an exact moment when it happened, and she never had much luck with that—maybe it was months earlier, when he appeared on her front porch in his stupid hat, or on the platform on that wretched September 1st, or maybe it was long ago, in some unrecognizable, ever-­changing form, but whenever she thought about the matter in the months and years to come, she knew with absolute certainty that it happened no later than this moment. Possibly Lily did not fall in love with James Potter that night, but, she would later conclude, there was no time after it that she did not love him." - Jewels5
"He changed, Harry, he changed! It's as simple as that! Maybe he did believe these things when he was seventeen, but the whole rest of his life was devoted to fighting the Dark Arts... Harry, I'm sorry, but I think the real reason you're so angry is that Dumbledore never told you any of this himself." - J.K. Rowling
"Percy's enjoying work, then? said Harry, sitting down on one of the beds and watching the Chudley Cannons zooming in and out of the posters on the ceiling." - J.K. Rowling
"But from that moment on, Hermione Granger became their friend. There are some things you can't share without ending up liking each other, and knocking out a twelve-foot mountain troll is one of them." - J.K. Rowling
"You will feel little in life. Somedays you will feel small. But it will pass. Be brave. Be strong. Be my sunshine." - Priya Ardis
"You're a Parselmouth. Why didn't you tell us?"" - J.K. Rowling
"She's a veela!" he said hoarsely to Harry." - J.K. Rowling
"He had thought that he would feel elated if they managed to steal back the Horcrux, but somehow he did not; all he felt as he sat looking out at the darkness, of which his wand lit only a tiny part, was worry about what would happen next. It was as though he had been hurtling toward this point for weeks, months, maybe even years, but now he had come to an abrupt halt, run out of road." - J.K. Rowling
"But if we get caught, you two will be expelled, too.'" - J.K. Rowling
"First- to Mr. Ronald Weasley..."" - J.K. Rowling
"Riddle said I'm like him. Strange likenesses, he said...."" - J.K. Rowling
"Only one who has nothing to lose, and everything to gain, would commit such a crime" - J.K. Rowling
"El problema es que los humanos tienen el don de elegir precisamente las cosas que son peores para ellos." - J.K. Rowling
"Hay que tener un gran coraje para oponerse a nuestros enemigos, pero hace falta el mismo valor para hacerlo con los amigos." - J.K. Rowling
"La cámara secreta ha sido abierta. Teman, enemigos del heredero." - J.K. Rowling
"Jess Drew?” Nate said. “Seriously? You couldn’t come up with a better name than that?" - Matt Forbeck
"There's no need to tell me I'm not brave enough to be in Gryffindor, Malfoy's already done that," Neville choked out." - J.K. Rowling
"Little did Harry know that Ron and Hermione had been secretly practising the Leg-Locker Curse. They'd got the idea from Malfoy using it on Neville, and were ready to use it on Snape if he showed any sign of wanting to hurt Harry." - J.K. Rowling
"I had proven, as a very young man, that power was my weakness and my temptation. It is a curious thing, Harry, but perhaps those who are best suited to power are those who have never sought it. ~ Albus Dumbledore" - J.K. Rowling
"Harry Potter freed Dobby!' said the elf shrilly, gazing up at Harry, moonlight from the nearest window reflected in his orb-like eyes. 'Harry Potter set Dobby free!" - J.K. Rowling
"But you know, happiness can be found even in the darkest of times, if one only remembers to turn on the light. – Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban" - J.K. Rowling
"Es clar que passa dintre el teu cap, Harry; però això no vol dir que no sigui real!" - J.K. Rowling
"Life would be so much easier with magic powers. Then again, no matter how powerful you are, there’s always an evil Voldemort ready to try to destroy you." - Jenny Lynne
"Stories don’t discriminate between reality and fiction. A story is a story – a chain of thought that forms a narrative. A narrative that greases the wheels of the constantly moving human mind; at times even forcing a change of track. Fiction may not be real but its impact definitely is. Generations of ‘real’ humans will live and die and still not have the sort of impact a fictional character like ‘Harry Potter’ has. The right story, at the right time – can change the world forever." - Adeel Ahmed Khan
"You don’t think anything that Skeeter cow — sorry, Professor,' he added quickly, looking at Dumbledore. 'I have gone temporarily deaf and haven’t any idea what you said, Harry,' said Dumbledore, twiddling his thumbs and staring at the ceiling." - JK Rowling
"It's changing out there. Just like last time. There's a storm coming, Harry. And we all best be ready." - J.K. Rowling
"[…] Oh,” Snape said with an evil smile, “your father told me to give you something in private.” — “What's that?” Draco asked, brightening. — “Crucio!" - DrT Lewis
"All these people saying they never got their Hogwarts letter: you got the letter. You went to Hogwarts. We were all there together." - J.K. Rowling
"She was a very pretty woman. She had dark red hair and her eyes-" - J.K. Rowling
"All’improvviso si rese conto che il parco era silenzioso. Fawkes aveva cessato di cantare. E seppe, senza sapere come, che la fenice era andata, che aveva lasciato Hogwarts per sempre, proprio come Silente aveva lasciato la scuola, aveva lasciato il mondo... aveva lasciato lui." - J.K. Rowling
"Neville abbassò la testa. La professoressa McGonagall lo scrutò attraverso gli occhiali quadrati. «Perché vuoi continuare con Trasfigurazione, comunque? Non ho mai avuto l’impressione che ti piacesse particolarmente»." - J.K. Rowling
"Harry rimase in silenzio a meditare sugli abissi nei quali le ragazze possono sprofondare per amor di vendetta." - J.K. Rowling
"«Sei l’uomo di Silente, sempre e comunque, vero, Potter?»" - J.K. Rowling
"E poi, a sorpresa, gli si riversò addosso la spaventosa verità, assoluta e irreversibile. Silente era morto, se n’era andato..." - J.K. Rowling
"«Hai letto la lettera a Grindelwald, vero?»" - J.K. Rowling
"«Dopo che te ne sei andato» mormorò, grato del fatto che il volto di Ron fosse nascosto, «ha pianto per una settimana. Forse anche di più, ma non voleva farsi vedere. Per molte notti non ci siamo nemmeno rivolti la parola. Senza di te...» Non riuscì a finire; solo adesso che Ron era di nuovo lì capiva davvero quanto fosse costata loro la sua assenza." - J.K. Rowling
"He ate a hot dog from a vendor cart for lunch and had a three course French meal for dinner. He rather preferred the hot dog." - DisobedienceWriter
"We’ve all got both light and dark inside us. What matters is the part we choose to act on... that’s who we really are." - Sirius Black
"The teachers were of course forbidden from mentioning the interview by Educational Decree Number Twenty-six, but they found ways to express their feelings about it all the same. [...] and Professor Trelawney broke into hysterical sobs during Divination and announced to the startled class, and a very disapproving Umbridge, that Harry was not going to suffer an early death after all, but would live to a ripe old age, become Minister for Magic and have twelve children" - J.K. Rowling
"He had never had any money for candy with the Dursleys, and now that he had pockets rattling with gold and silver he was ready to buy as many Mars Bars as he could carry- but the woman didn't have Mars Bars. What she did have were Bertie Bott's Every Flavor Beans, Drooble's Best Blowing Gum, Chocolate Frogs, Pumpkin Pasties, Cauldron Cakes, Licorice Wands and a number of other strange things Harry had never seen in his life." - J.K. Rowling
"He mounted the broom and kicked hard against the ground and up, up he soared; air rushed through his hair, and his robes whipped out behind him- and in a rush of fierce joy he realized he'd found something he could do without being taught- this was easy, this was" - J.K. Rowling
"If they hadn't found me, I'd be dead now. Harry stuck his wand up its nose and Ron knocked it out with its own club. They didn't have time to come and fetch anyone. It was about to finish me off when they arrived."" - J.K. Rowling
"Fudge trasse un profondo respiro e disse: «Primo Ministro, sono molto spiacente di doverla informare che è tornato. Colui-Che-Non-Deve-Essere-Nominato è tornato»." - J.K. Rowling
"«So che hai visto e fatto molto da quando ci hai lasciato» mormorò. «Molte voci hanno raggiunto la tua vecchia scuola, Tom. Mi dispiacerebbe dover credere anche solo alla metà»." - J.K. Rowling
"«Naturalmente non importa il suo aspetto... non f-fa niente... ma era un b-bambino così carino... sempre stato un bel ragazzo... e s-stava per sposarsi!»" - J.K. Rowling
"E un nuovo ritratto si era unito ai vecchi Presidi di Hogwarts... Silente dormiva in una cornice d’oro sopra la scrivania, gli occhiali a mezzaluna in bilico sul naso adunco, tranquillo e indisturbato." - J.K. Rowling
"Il Ministero è caduto. Scrimgeour è morto. Stanno arrivando." - J.K. Rowling
"«Non ti capisco, Kreacher» disse infine." - J.K. Rowling
"«Che ne so» borbottò Ron. «A volte, quando ero un po’ abbattuto, mi sono detto che si stava facendo due risate o... o che voleva solo rendere tutto più difficile. Ma non lo penso più. Sapeva quello che faceva quando mi ha lasciato il Deluminatore, no? Lui...»" - J.K. Rowling
"I read a lot of books. It's such a cliché, I know, the lonely kid and her books, but the day my brother walked into my room and chucked a copy of Harry Potter at my head and said, "I won this at school, looks like something you'd enjoy," was one of the best days of my life." - Tahereh Mafi
"Harry Potter freed Dobby!" said the elf shrilly, gazing up at Harry, moonlight from the nearest window reflected in his orb-like eyes. "Harry Potter set Dobby free!" "Least I could do, Dobby", said Harry, grinning. "Just promise never to try and save my life again." - J.K. Rowling
"I did think of Voldemort first," said Harry honestly. But then I - I remembered those Dementors."" - J.K. Rowling
"Perhaps it had something to do with living in a dark cupboard, but Harry had always been small and skinny for his age. He looked even smaller and skinnier than he really was because all he had to wear were old clothes of Dudley's, and Dudley was about four times bigger than he was. Harry had a thin face, knobbly knees, black hair, and bright green eyes. He wore round glasses held together with a lot of Scotch tape because of all the times Dudley had punched him on the nose. The only thing Harry liked about his own appearance was a very thin scar on his forehead that was shaped like a bolt of lightning. He had had it as long as he could remember, and the first question he could ever remember asking his Aunt Petunia was how he had gotten it." - J.K. Rowling
"I've got him, sir."" - J.K. Rowling
"I'm warning you now, boy- any funny business, anything at all- and you'll be in that cupboard from now until Christmas."" - J.K. Rowling
"Harry moved in front of the tank and looked intently at the snake. He wouldn't have been surprised if it had died of boredom itself- no company except stupid people drumming their fingers on the glass trying to disturb it all day long. It was worse than having a cupboard as a bedroom, where the only visitor was Aunt Petunia hammering on the door to wake you up; at least he got to visit the rest of the house." - J.K. Rowling
"I wonder, now- yes, why not- unusual combination- holly and phoenix feather, eleven inches, nice and supple."" - J.K. Rowling
"Like a hot Latin Dementor, Alex materializes at his side." - Christina Lauren
"Non vergognarti mai’ mi diceva il mio vecchio, ‘e se qualcuno te lo rinfaccia, è gente che non vale una cicca’." - J.K. Rowling
"Sto leggendo questo libro e volevo condividere questa citazione con te." - J.K. Rowling
"Per quanto fosse un ragazzo decisamente insolito, in quel momento Harry Potter si sentì proprio come chiunque altro: felice, per la prima volta nella vita, che fosse il suo compleanno." - J.K. Rowling
"«Lascia perdere, Harry» lo esortò George. «Papà è dovuto andare ad Azkaban una volta, ti ricordi, Fred? E ha detto che è il posto peggiore in cui sia mai stato. È tornato che era tutto un tremito... è come se portassero via la felicità, i Dissennatori. Quasi tutti i prigionieri impazziscono là dentro»." - J.K. Rowling
"«Ho qualcosa da discutere con voi due» disse Hagrid, sedendosi tra loro con aria insolitamente seria. «Cosa?» chiese Harry. «Hermione» disse Hagrid. «Perché?» disse Ron. «Perché non sta bene, ecco perché. È venuta qui a trovarmi tante volte da Natale. Si sente sola. Prima non ci parlavate, con lei, per via della Firebolt, adesso non ci parlate perché il suo gatto...» «...ha mangiato Crosta!» lo interruppe Ron furioso. «Perché il suo gatto ha fatto come fanno tutti i gatti» continuò Hagrid ostinato. «Ha pianto tante volte, sapete. È un brutto momento per lei. Troppi impegni, se volete saperlo, con tutto il lavoro che sta cercando di fare. Ma ha trovato lo stesso il tempo di aiutarmi con il caso di Fierobecco, sapete... ha trovato della roba davvero buona... credo che lui ha qualche possibilità adesso...» «Hagrid, avremmo dovuto aiutarti anche noi... scusa...» esordì Harry imbarazzato. «Non ti rimprovero mica!» disse Hagrid, respingendo le scuse di Harry. «Con tutto quello che c’hai avuto per la testa, ti ho visto che ti allenavi a Quidditch a tutte le ore del giorno e della notte... ma ve lo devo dire, credevo che a voi due vi importava di più della vostra amica che di una scopa o di un topo. Ecco». Harry e Ron si guardarono, entrambi a disagio. «Era davvero sconvolta, poverina, quando Black ti ha aggredito, Ron. Lei sì che ha il cuore al posto giusto, lei, e voi due che non ci parlate nemmeno...» «Se solo si sbarazzasse di quel gatto, io le parlerei ancora!» disse Ron arrabbiato, «ma lo difende sempre! È un criminale, e lei non vuole nemmeno sentirselo dire!» «Ah, be’, la gente a volte è un po’ stupida quando ci parli dei suoi animali» disse Hagrid saggiamente. Alle sue spalle, Fierobecco sputò qualche osso di furetto sul cuscino." - J.K. Rowling
"«La prima volta che ti ho visto mi ricordavi un po’ me. Niente mamma e papà, e credevi che a Hogwarts non ti ci saresti mica ritrovato, ti ricordi? Non eri sicuro di essere all’altezza... e adesso guardati, Harry! Campione della scuola!»" - J.K. Rowling
"If not for the courage and fortitude of a select few heroes during these eras, the great tides of darkness may have swallowed everything." - Michael Kogge
"Dado que soy más inteligente que la mayoría de los hombres, mis errores tienden a ser también más graves." - Albus Dumbledore
"La fuerza de tus convicciones determina tu éxito, no tu número de seguidores." - J.K. Rowling
"«Be’, forse Piton non sta proprio cercando di aiutarlo...» Harry e Hermione lo fissarono." - J.K. Rowling
"«I Dissennatori sono le creature più disgustose della terra. Infestano i luoghi più cupi e sporchi, esultano nella decadenza e nella disperazione, svuotano di pace, speranza e felicità l’aria che li circonda. Perfino i Babbani avvertono la loro presenza, anche se non li vedono. Se ti avvicini troppo a un Dissennatore, ogni sensazione piacevole, ogni bel ricordo ti verrà succhiato via. Se appena può, il Dissennatore si nutrirà di te abbastanza a lungo da farti diventare simile a lui... malvagio e senz’anima. Non ti rimarranno altro che le peggiori esperienze della tua vita. E le cose peggiori che sono successe a te, Harry, bastano a far precipitare chiunque da una scopa. Non hai niente di cui vergognarti»." - J.K. Rowling
"«Sai che cosa significa?» chiese improvvisamente Black a Harry, mentre procedevano lentamente lungo il tunnel. «Consegnare Pettigrew?» «Che tu sei libero» disse Harry. «Sì...» disse Black. «Ma io sono anche... non so se qualcuno te l’ha mai detto... io sono il tuo padrino». «Sì, lo sapevo» disse Harry. «Be’... i tuoi genitori mi hanno nominato tuo tutore» disse Black seccamente. «Se fosse successo qualcosa a loro...» Harry rimase in attesa. Black intendeva dire quello che anche lui pensava? «Lo capisco, naturalmente, se vuoi restare con i tuoi zii» disse Black. «Ma... be’... riflettici. Una volta che avranno riconosciuto la mia innocenza... se tu volessi una... una casa diversa...» Qualcosa parve esplodere in fondo allo stomaco di Harry. «Cosa... vivere con te?» chiese, battendo la testa contro una roccia che sporgeva dal soffitto. «Lasciare i Dursley?» «Certo, lo sapevo che non avresti voluto» disse Black in fretta. «Capisco, credevo solo che...» «Sei matto?» disse Harry, la voce di colpo roca come quella di Black. «Ma certo che voglio lasciare i Dursley! Tu hai una casa? Quando posso venire?» Black si voltò a guardarlo; la testa di Piton strisciava contro il soffitto, ma Black non ci fece caso. «Lo desideri davvero?» chiese. «Sul serio?» «Sì, sul serio!» rispose Harry. Il volto tormentato di Black si aprì nel primo vero sorriso che Harry vi avesse scorto finora. La differenza era sorprendente, come se una persona più giovane di dieci anni brillasse attraverso la maschera incavata; per un attimo, riapparve l’uomo che aveva riso al matrimonio dei genitori di Harry." - J.K. Rowling
"Harry prese la lettera. Era indirizzata a lui. Strappò la busta ed esclamò: «È di Sirius!» «Cosa?» chiesero Ron e Hermione eccitati. «Leggila ad alta voce!»" - J.K. Rowling
"C’era già una piccola coda davanti al rubinetto nell’angolo del campo. Harry, Ron e Hermione si misero in fila, dietro a due uomini impegnati in un’accesa discussione. Uno era un mago molto anziano che indossava una lunga camicia da notte a fiori. L’altro era chiaramente un mago del Ministero; sventolava un paio di pantaloni gessati e quasi urlava, esasperato: «Mettiteli e basta, Archie, da bravo, non puoi andare in giro così, il Babbano al cancello ha già i suoi sospetti...»" - J.K. Rowling
"" - J.K. Rowling
"The rules of Qannabbi are simple and elegant. Each team has five players. There's two Trimmers, one Grinder, one Rollpacker, and one" - Dana Larsen
"«Dobby si compra presto un golfino, Harry Potter!» disse tutto felice, indicando il petto nudo." - J.K. Rowling
"Cedric era disteso a terra al suo fianco, a braccia aperte. Era morto." - J.K. Rowling
"L’uomo magro uscì dal calderone, fissando Harry... e Harry a sua volta fissò il viso che da tre anni infestava i suoi incubi. Più bianco di un teschio, con grandi, lividi occhi rossi, il naso piatto come quello di un serpente, due fessure per narici..." - J.K. Rowling
"" - J.K. Rowling
"In quel momento, Harry comprese fino in fondo per la prima volta perché si diceva che Silente era l’unico mago di cui Voldemort avesse mai avuto paura. L’espressione di Silente mentre scrutava il corpo privo di sensi di Malocchio Moody era più terribile di quanto Harry avesse mai potuto immaginare. Non c’era alcun sorriso benevolo sul suo volto, alcun brillio ironico negli occhi dietro le lenti. Una fredda furia era incisa in ogni tratto del suo viso antico; un senso di potere emanava da lui, come se sprigionasse vapore bollente." - J.K. Rowling
"«Ma se nessuno di voi fa circolare la notizia che Voldemort è tornato...» cominciò Harry." - J.K. Rowling
"«Mia nonna dice che sono scemenze» intervenne Neville. «Dice che è La Gazzetta del Profeta che sta peggiorando, non Silente. Ha disdetto l’abbonamento. Noi crediamo a Harry» concluse con semplicità. Si arrampicò sul letto e si tirò le coperte fino al mento, guardando Seamus al di sopra di esse, come un gufo. «Mia nonna ha sempre detto che Tu-Sai-Chi sarebbe tornato un giorno. E se Silente dice che è tornato, è tornato»." - J.K. Rowling
"Il Primo Ministro fissò disperato entrambi per un attimo, poi le parole che aveva faticosamente represso tutta la sera esplosero all’improvviso: «Ma per l’amor del cielo… voi siete maghi! Voi fate magie! Siete in grado di risolvere… be’… tutto!»" - J.K. Rowling
"«Facciamo tutti parte dell’ES» gli ricordò a voce bassa Neville. «Era per prepararci a combattere Tu-Sai-Chi, no? E questa è la prima occasione di fare davvero qualcosa... o era solo un gioco?»" - J.K. Rowling
"Altri due cavalli uscirono silenziosi dal bosco; uno passò molto vicino a Parvati, che rabbrividì e si strinse contro l’albero, dicendo: «Mi pare di aver sentito qualcosa, dev’essere vicino a me!»" - J.K. Rowling
"[...]lasciando la mente libera di indugiare, sempre più depressa, sulla scena vista nel Pensatoio. Il ricordo gli rodeva le viscere. Era sempre stato così sicuro che i suoi genitori fossero persone meravigliose da non aver mai avuto difficoltà a ignorare le calunnie di Piton sul carattere del padre. Hagrid e Sirius non gli avevano sempre detto che tipo eccezionale era? (Già, be’... guarda che tipo era Sirius, lo punzecchiò una voce interiore... altrettanto antipatico, no?) D’accordo, una volta aveva sentito la professoressa McGonagall dire che da studenti suo padre e Sirius avevano combinato un sacco di guai, però da come ne parlava sembravano più dei precursori dei gemelli Weasley, e Harry non riusciva a immaginarsi Fred e George che mettevano qualcuno a testa in giù tanto per divertirsi, a meno di non detestarlo... Malfoy, forse, o qualcuno che proprio se lo meritava... Si sforzò di convincersi che Piton se l’era meritato, ma Lily non aveva forse chiesto: «Che cosa ti ha fatto?» E James aveva risposto: «È più il fatto che esiste, non so se mi spiego». James aveva dato inizio a tutto solo perché Sirius si annoiava. Rammentò quando, in Grimmauld Place, Lupin aveva detto che Silente lo aveva nominato prefetto nella speranza che riuscisse a tenere sotto controllo James e Sirius... ma da quanto aveva visto nel Pensatoio, Lupin era rimasto lì a guardare... Però Lily era intervenuta, rifletté; sua madre era stata corretta. Eppure il ricordo della sua espressione mentre litigava con James lo disturbava quanto tutto il resto: era chiaro che provava solo disgusto per lui, e Harry non riusciva a capire perché alla fine l’avesse sposato. Un paio di volte si chiese perfino se James l’avesse costretta... Per quasi cinque anni, il pensiero di suo padre era stato per lui una fonte di conforto e d’ispirazione. Se qualcuno gli diceva che assomigliava al padre, si sentiva avvampare di orgoglio. E ora... ora quello stesso pensiero lo rendeva infelice." - J.K. Rowling
"Non aveva voglia di tornare così presto nella Torre di Grifondoro, né di raccontare a Ron e Hermione quello che aveva scoperto. Perché a riempirlo di orrore e infelicità non era stata la reazione rabbiosa di Piton, ma il fatto che lui, Harry, sapeva fin troppo bene che cosa si prova a essere umiliati davanti a tutti e perciò che cosa aveva provato Piton mentre James si faceva beffe di lui. E a ferirlo era anche il fatto che, a giudicare da quanto aveva appena visto, suo padre era davvero un presuntuoso arrogante, proprio come Piton gli aveva sempre detto." - J.K. Rowling
"Si Rogue parvient à s’emparer de la Pierre, Voldemort va revenir ! Vous n’avez jamais entendu dire comment c’était quand il a voulu prendre le pouvoir ? S’il y arrive, on ne pourra plus se faire renvoyer tout simplement parce que Poudlard n’existera même plus !" - J.K. Rowling
"She was looking at him steadily; he however, found it difficult to look back at her; it was like gazing into a brilliant light." - J.K. Rowling
"for in dreams, we enter a world that is entirely our own." - J.K. Rowling
"Hang on a moment! said Ron sharply. We’ve forgotten someone!" - J.K. Rowling
"Honestly, don't you two read?" - Hermione Granger
"Of course I loved you . . . and I knew that it would happen all over again . . . that where I loved, I would cause irreparable damage. I am no fit person to love . . . I have never loved without causing harm." - J.K. Rowling
"Your parents gave their lives to keep you alive, Harry. A poor way to repay them - gambling their sacrifice for a bag of magic tricks." - J.K. Rowling
"So top grade's "O" for "Outstanding",' she was saying, 'and then there's "A"-'" - J.K. Rowling
"Ira was scowling at her, but Lily refused to be judged by a cat." - Jewels5
"Only if you shouted about it," argued Ron. "Only if you were prat enough to go dancing around, waving it over your head and singing, " I've got an unbeatable wand, come and have a go if you think you're hard enough." - J.K. Rowling
"And the ground and the dirty buildings on either side fell away, dropping out of sight as the car rose; in seconds, the whole of London lay, smoky and glittering, below them." - J.K. Rowling
"Honestly, don't you two read?" - J.K. Rowling
"Pero desde ese momento, Hermione Granger se convirtió en su amiga. Hay algunas cosas que uno no puede compartir sin terminar unido, y derrumbar un trol de tres metros y medio era una de esas cosas" - J.K. Rowling
"Lily could do nothing but stare incredulously at the wizard before her. James Potter was an evolutionary improbability, she thought." - Jewels5
"Oh, my Merlin, I want to have a torrid love affair with this moment," Marlene continued, regaining a little control. "I want to buy this moment dinner. I want to have this moment's illegitimate children. I want to..." - Jewels5
"Time is done for one." - -Himayath Nuzraan
"Harry took the wand. He felt a sudden warmth in his fingers. He raised the wand above his head, brought it swishing down through the dusty air and a stream of red and gold sparks shot from the end like a firework, throwing dancing spots of light on to the walls. Hagrid whooped and clapped and Mr Ollivander cried, ‘Oh, bravo! Yes, indeed, oh, very good. Well, well, well ... how curious ... how very curious ..." - J.K. Rowling
"To make Harry Potter invisible, one would have to liquefy him, boil him to create steam, crystallize him, heat him again, and the cool him, all of which would be quite difficult to accomplish, even for a wizard" - Michio Kaku
"It sounded like something you Brits would say."" - Alisha Rai
"Smirking all over his pointed face, Draco Malfoy leaned across Harry and seized the largest Bowtruckle." - J.K. Rowling
"He sat quite still, anger still surging through him, listening to the frantic thumping of his heart." - J.K. Rowling
"Ich habe den Premierminister der Muggel unterrichtet, und er lässt eine Vermisstenmeldung twittern. Klingt wie ein Zauber. Ist es aber nicht." - Klaus Fritz
"I imagine headaches as dementors attacking on my brain to resurrect haunting weird memories." - Dinakar Reddy
"Mrs. Potter faltered. "Where exactly did you spend the night, James?"" - Jewels5
"How do you feel' Georgie?" whispered Mrs Weasley." - J.K. Rowling
"Abuelita, he vuelto a perder mi sapo." - J. K. Rowling
"" - J.K. Rowling
"" - J.K. Rowling
"" - J.K. Rowling
"What?’ he said aggressively, before Malfoy could open his mouth." - J.K. Rowling
"Malfoy stood to one side, the sunlight gleaming on his white-blond head. He caught Harry’s eye and smirked" - J.K. Rowling
"Harry, however, had never been less interested in Quidditch; he was rapidly becoming obsessed with Draco Malfoy." - J.K. Rowling
"Sirius was a brave, clever, and energetic man, and such men are not usually content to sit at home in hiding while they believe others to be in danger." - J.K. Rowling
"You are protected, in short, by your ability to love!" said Dum-bledore loudly. "The only protection that can possibly work against the lure of power like Voldemort's! In spite of all the temptation you have endured, all the suffering, you remain pure of heart, just as pure as you were at the age of eleven, when you stared into a mir-ror that reflected your heart's desire, and it showed you only the way to thwart Lord Voldemort, and not immortality or riches. Harry, have you any idea how few wizards could have seen what you saw in that mirror? Voldemort should have known then what he was dealing with, but he did not! But he knows it now. You have flitted into Lord Voldemort's mind without damage to yourself, but he cannot possess you with-out enduring mortal agony, as he discovered in the Ministry. I do not think he understands why, Harry, but then, he was in such a hurry to mutilate his own soul, he never paused to understand the incomparable power of a soul that is untarnished and whole."" - J.K. Rowling
"DRACO: Astoria always knew that she was not destined for old age. She wanted me to have somebody when she left, because...it is exceptionally lonely, being Draco Malfoy. I will always be suspected. There is no escaping the past. I never realized, though, that by hiding him away from this gossiping, judgmental world, I ensured that my son would emerge shrouded in worse suspicion than I ever endured." - J.K. Rowling
"The three witches and the knight set off down the hill together, arm in arm, and all four led long and happy lives, and none of them ever knew or suspected that the Fountain's waters carried no enchantment at all." - J.K. Rowling
"Up until that point everyone who gets hurt winds up fine. There's not actual loss. And then Voldemort kills Cedric Diggory and suddenly everything becomes real. We have to face the possibility that we won't all live long enough to lose our hair or become those crotchety old folks who yell at dumb kids like us. Good people die and bad people don't always get what they deserve. Death stops being this abstract concept that happens to other people, and becomes something that could happen to the people we love. Or even to us." - Shaun David Hutchinson
"¡Ginny! —exclamó su padre, atónito—. ¿No te he enseñado una cosa? ¿Qué te he dicho siempre? No confíes en nada que piense si no sabes dónde tiene el cerebro" - J.K. Rowling
"You’ve got to give the door something?’" - J. K. Rowling
"Activities will include, pretending to help in the kitchen, watching the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade, and saying you're so full you're gonna throw up and then waiting ten minutes and getting more pie. Once the sun has been down for a couple of hours the Christmas season is technically upon us, so it's time for the first Harry Potter marathon of the year. Starting with film number three, because obviously, and ending with film five when the filthy casuals are allowed to go home. The hardcores can sleep at my place and in the morning we'll finish six, seven, and seven but where stuff happens. Pumpkin pie for breakfast." - Anna Kendrick
"Well, he should have some chocolate, at the very least,' said Madam Pomfrey" - J.K. Rowling
"Dumbledore's plan works well in giving Harry protection from the external danger of Voldemort. The plan also gives him an ordinary life. This ordinary life is a protection from the spiritual danger of pride, while being an aid to humility." - Luke Bell
"Potter, do something. Tell them I mean no harm." - J.K. Rowling
"Magic isn't done; it's only just begun!" - Nick Newberry
"I just take the train from platform nine and three-quarters," - Harry Potter" - J.K. Rowling
"Oh, you may not think I'm pretty," - J.K. Rowling
"Calumny... gives [Harry] a spiritual purity in the sense that it scours away any outward show, any wish to live by the impression he makes on others. It gives him a lonely independence, so that he is able to act from his own depth. As he goes on to fulfill "his true destiny", which as far as he knows is his death, he is able to walk, hidden from view, past the woman he loves, without speaking, without looking back. This ability to act alone contrasts him with Voldemort, who needs others. That need is apparent in Voldemort's possession of Quirrell." - Luke Bell
"You're a wizard Harry!" - J.K. Rowling
"Quelli che ci amano non ci lasciano mai veramente." - J.K. Rowling
"If your hogs have warts, call us. Hogwarts Wart Removal. 555-HOGWARTS" - Kate Klise
"- Merci d'être ma lumière dans l'obscurité." - Jack Thorne
"One of the things I really dislike about Christians is their hypocrisy; they criticize magicians but portray Jesus as Harry Potter." - Robin Sacredfire
"¿Qué necesita? ¿Una invitación elegantemente sellada y firmada para que se vaya a la mierda?" - Lomonaaeren, Nameless-slyblue
"Men, altså – Harry,” vedblev kæmpen og vendte sig bort fra den skræmte Dursley-familie." - J.K. Rowling
"Fru Weasley vækkede dem tidligt den følgende onsdag." - J.K. Rowling
"Hvad er det?” spurgte Ron og pegede på et stort fad med noget, der lignede sammenkogte muslinger, som stod placeret ved siden af en ordentlig omgang god gammeldags bøf stroganoff. “Det er bouillabaisse,” sagde Hermione. “Prosit!” sagde Ron “Det er fransk,” sagde Hermione “Jeg fik det, da vi var på ferie forrige sommer. Det smager vældig godt” “Det gør det sikkert,” sagde Ron og kastede sig over det sikre valg – bøf stroganoff." - J.K. Rowling
"De vågnede næste dag til strålende solskin og en frisk brise. “Perfekt Quidditch-vejr” sagde Wood optimistisk ved morgenbordet og sørgede for en ordentlig omgang røræg til hele holdet. Han læssede ivrigt over på deres tallerkener og sagde “Harry, lad nu være med at side der og hænge. Du har brug for et solidt morgenmåltid" - J.K. Rowling
"The ability to choose weakness over power is a capacity for sacrifice, and that sacrifice is love in action. To be weak is to be open to another, to enter relationship. Sacrifice is accepting the weakness of loss, even the loss of life, for the good of others. It is the fountain of love." - Luke Bell
"The fascination Fred and George show at Harry's scar corresponds to the need of that other twin, Thomas, to see 'the mark of the nails." - Luke Bell
"NOT MY DAUGHTER YOU BITCH!!" - molly weasley
"NOT MY DAUGHTER YOU BITCH!!" - J.K. Rowling
"GINNY: After I came out of hospital — everyone ignored me, shut me out — other than, that is, the boy who had everything — who came across the Gryffindor common room and challenged me to a game of Exploding Snap. People think they know all there is to know about you, but the best bits of you are — have always been — heroic in really quiet ways. My point is — after this is over, just remember if you could that sometimes people — but particularly children — just want someone to play Exploding Snap with." - Jack Thorne
"ALBUS/RON: How to distract Scorpius from difficult emotional issues. Take him to a library." - J.K. Rowling
"Getting smacked in the face with a Harry Potter book does not qualify as a fight," Charlie says." - Robin Roe
"Draco: Flipendo! ... Keep up, old man." - J.K. Rowling
"HARRY: Voldemort is going to kill my mum and dad — and there’s nothing I can do to stop him." - J.K. Rowling
"HARRY: "Oh, Draco . . . we can’t. We can’t use it."" - J.K. Rowling
"I suspect Nargles are behind it." - J.K. Rowling
"I shouldn't have survived - it was my destiny to die - even Dumbledore thought so - and yet i lived. I beat Voldemort. All these people - all these people - my parents, Fred, the Fallen Fifty - and it's me that gets to live? how is that? All this damage - and it's my fault." - Jack Thorne
"If his surroundings could have reflected the feelings inside him, the pictures would have been screaming in pain." - J.K. Rowling
"It took me a long time to discover your weakness, Albus Potter. I thought it was pride, I thought it was the need to impress your father, but then I realised your weakness was the same as your father's - friendship." - J.K. Rowling
"" - J.K. Rowling
"In every shining moment of happiness is that drop of poison: the knowledge that pain will come again." - Rowling, J.K.
"Me? Books and cleverness? There are more important things in life. Friendship, and bravery, and Harry, just be careful." - Hermoine Granger
"Not an exact quote, more like an opinion, a thought. Dementors suck out happiness from people. The make people remember their worst moments in life. The way to defeat them / repel them is to cast a patronus charm, [incantation: expecto patronum. If my latin serves me right it means "I expect / I command my patron]." - ThomThor
"Snape was a bully who loved the goodness he sensed in Lily without being able to emulate her. That was his tragedy." - J.K. Rowling
"The trouble was, I did know what I wanted from Grace Towne. I wanted to sleep with her, sure. I wanted her to be my girlfriend. A few years from now, I wanted to marry her. And then, when we were old, I wanted to drink peppermint tea and read Harry Potter to our grandchildren with her on the veranda of an old house out in the countryside as we watched a summer storm roll toward us. Was that so much to ask?" - Krystal Sutherland
"They think I'm a waste of space, actually, but I'm used to—"" - J.K. Rowling
"Hagrid!" Harry called, holding on to the bike for dear life. "Hagrid—Accio Hagrid!" - J.K. Rowling
"Al fin y al cabo, no hace falta ser un Gryffindor y blandir una espada para ser un héroe. A veces solo es necesario poner pasión donde hace falta." - J.K. Rowling, MinaLima
"De Harry Potter aprendí que una cicatriz es la evidencia de que fuiste mucho más fuerte que aquello que quiso acabar contigo." - Ignacio Novo
"What an idiot" - Hermione Granger
"It's so Hogwarts." - Stephanie Perkins
"Potter, you can skin Malfoy's shrivelfig..." - J.K. Rowling
"Dog diggity Cedric Diggory — you are a doggy dynamo." - J.K. Rowling
"So how did you think about him?” Rachel asks." - Kathryn Holmes
"(...) ludzie maja wrodzony talent do wybierania własnie tego, co dla nich najgorsze." - J.K. Rowling
"No digas estupideces. No hay ningún andén nueve y tres cuartos." - J.K. Rowling
"Yeah, his school! It was his first real home, the place that meant he was special; it meant everything to him, and even after he left -"" - J.K. Rowling
"O sofrimento é certo e chegará a seu tempo. - Dumbledore" - J.K. Rowling
"Harry, my wand!" - J.K. Rowling
"SCORPIUS: The world changes and we change with it. I am better off in this world. But the world is not better. And I don't want that." - Jack Thorne
"Most of the time, I think you have to make a choice—at a certain point—of the man you want to be. And I will tell you at that time you need a parent or a friend. And if you've learnt to hate your parent by then and you have no friends...then you're all alone. And being alone—that's so hard."" - J.K. Rowling
"HARRY: “The truth is a beautiful and terrible thing, and should therefore be treated with great caution." - Jack Thorne
"Perhaps those who are best suited to power are those who have never sought it." - Albus Dumbledore
"Hasn't your experience with the Time-Turner taught you anything, Harry? The consequences of our actions are always so complicated, so diverse, that predicting the future is a very difficult business indeed..." - J.K. Rowling
"Only Muggles talk of the ‘mind reading.’ The mind is not a book, to be opened at will and examined at leisure. Thoughts are not etched on the inside of skulls, to be perused by any invader. The mind is complex and many-layered thing, Potter… or at least, most minds are…" - J.K. Rowling
"Harry then did something that was both very brave and very stupid" - J.K. Rowling
"Professor Moody!" said a shocked voice." - J.K. Rowling
"Tell Albus - tell Albus Severus - I'm proud he carries my name." - JK Rowling
"Hogsmeade looked like a Christmas card; the little thatched cottages and shops were all covered in a layer of crisp snow; there were holly wreaths on the doors and strings of enchanted candles hanging in the trees." - J.K. Rowling
"We could have all been killed -or worse, expelled." - J.K Rowling
"Harry Potter is dead." - J.K. Rowling
"Harry Potter set Dobby free!" "Least I could do, Dobby", said Harry, grinning. "Just promise never to try and save my life again." - J. K. Rowling
"All the same, we should get to bed,” whispered Hermione. “It wouldn’t do to oversleep tomorrow." - J.K. Rowling
"Después de todo, para una mente bien organizada, la muerte no es más que la siguiente gran aventura." - J.K. Rowling
"Before the boy who lived, there was another story. One of a monster inside of a man. One of a hero inside of a child. One of a traitor inside of a friend. And one of an angel inside of a demon." - Mordred
"We were young, thoughtless - carried away with our own cleverness" - J.K. Rowling
"I don't care if you fall off your broom as long as you catch the Snitch first." - J.K. Rowling
"His heart was leaping against his ribs like a frantic bird. Perhaps it knew it had little time left, perhaps it was determined to fulfill a lifetime’s beats before the end." - J.K. Rowling
"Because if its just you alone, you're not much of a threat." - J.K. Rowling
"Dobby never meant to kill. Dobby only meant to maim or seriously injure." - Dobby
"Half our family does seem to owe you their lives, now I stop and think about it," Mr. Weasley said in a constricted voice. "Well, all I can say is that it was a lucky day for the Weasleys when Ron decided to sit in your compartment on the Hogwarts Express, Harry." - J.K. Rowling
"Me abro al cierre." - J.K. Rowling
"Viel mehr als unsere Fähigkeiten sind es unsere Entscheidungen, Harry, die zeigen, wer wir wirklich sind." - J. K. Rowling
"You don't seem to need many qualifications to liaise with Muggles; all they want is an OWL in Muggle Studies. ''Much more important is your enthusiasm, patience and a good sense of fun.'' - ''You'd need more than a good sense of fun to liaise with my uncle'', said Harry darkly .''Good sense of when to duck more like." - J.K. Rowling
"I see that you, like many before you. The happiest person on earth would look in the mirror and see only himself exactly as he is." - Albus Perkamentus
"It was one of those rare occasions when the true story is even more strange and exciting than the wild rumours." - J.K. Rowling
"I can't be a wizard. I'm just Harry." Harry Potter" - J.K. Rowling
"From the computer screen you learn and have fun with games, but in a world to show you truly are you have to show your potents. The rustling books of pages to be read is a fabulous thing but if you don't like books it becomes truely horrible." - caterina jester
"Arthur and Fred—" - J.K. Rowling
"What is life without a little risk" - J.K. Rowling
"You're joking, Perce! You are actually joking, Percy... I don't think I've heard you joke since you were-" - JK Rowling
"Those who want power do not deserve it." - J.K. Rowling
"I'm not worried, Harry, said Dumbledore, his voice a little stronger despite the freezing water. I am with you." - J.K. Rowling
"Yes, Harry, you can love, said Dumbledore, who looked as though he knew perfectly well what Harry had just refrained from saying. Which, given everything that has happened to you, is a great and remarkable thing." - J.K. Rowling
"Actors are agents of change. A film, a piece of theater, a piece of music, or a book can make a difference. It can change the world." - Alan Rickman
"Dumbledore is gone, Harry. He's gone." - J.K. Rowling
"Is that where—?’ whispered Professor McGonagall." - J.K. Rowling
"Look...at...me..." - Severus Snape
"Am I a professor? Goodness. I expect I was hopeless, was I?" - Gilderoy Lockhart
"This has to be a joke. After all, an owl hadn't dropped a letter down my fireplace to let me know I'd been accepted into a special school, and I certainly hadn't taken an enchanted train to get to Kinsley High." - Michelle Madow
"It's real for us" - JK Rowling
"Видишь ли, Гарри, так вышло, что в тебе много качеств, которые столь высоко ценил Салазар Слизерин у своих любимых учеников, — находчивость, решительность, чего греха таить, пренебрежение к школьным правилам. — Тут усы директора вновь задрожали. — И, наконец, редчайший дар — змеиный язык Однако же Волшебная шляпа направила тебя в Гриффиндор. Знаешь почему? Подумай!" - Дж.К. Ролинг
"Was this how the characters in Harry Potter felt when the spoke the name of You-Know-Who?" - Lisi Harrison
"¡Papanatas! ¡Llorones! ¡Baratijas! ¡Pellizco!" - J.K. Rowling
"¡Oh, bravo! Oh, sí, oh, muy bien. Bien, bien, bien... Qué curioso... Realmente qué curioso..." - J.K. Rowling
"Uncle Vernon’s face worked furiously. The idea of being taught consideration by a man who had just blasted away half his living-room wall seemed to be causing him intense suffering." - J.K. Rowling
"Nothing like a nighttime stroll to give you ideas." - Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire - Quote by Mad-Eye Moody
"A quanto pare sei l’indesiderabile numero uno”, commentò lei." - Wayne Gladstone
"Are you okay?" she heard someone - Levi? - ask "Hey... are you crying?"" - Rainbow Rowell
"Delivering a commencement address is a great responsibility; or so I thought until I cast my mind back to my own graduation. The commencement speaker that day was the distinguished British philosopher Baroness Mary Warnock. Reflecting on her speech has helped me enormously in writing this one, because it turns out that I can’t remember a single word she said. This liberating discovery enables me to proceed without any fear that I might inadvertently influence you to abandon promising careers in business, the law or politics for the giddy delights of becoming a gay wizard." - J.K. Rowling
"If we die for them, Harry, I'm going to KILL YOU!" - J.K. Rowling
"An extraordinary lightness seemed to spread through his whole body and the next second, in a rush of wings, they were flying upward through the pipe. Harry could hear Lockhart dangling bellow him, saying, "Amazing! Amazing! This is just like magic!" - J. K. Rowling
"Harry said good-bye to you,” he said. “Didn’t you hear him?" - J.K Rowling
"Дамблдор заговорил медленно, отчетливо, чтобы никто не пропустил ни слова, — я не уйду из школы, пока в школе останется хоть один человек, который будет мне доверять. И еще запомните: здесь, в Хогвартсе, тот, кто просил помощи, всегда ее получал." - J.K. Rowling
"His memory's gone", said Ron. "The Memory Charm backfired. Hit him instead of us. Hasn't got a clue who he is, or where he is, or who we are. I told him to come and wait here. He's a danger to himself." Lockhart peered good--naturedly up at them all. "Hello", he said. "Odd sort of place, this, isn't it? Do you live here?" - J. K. Rowling
"Harry moved toward the fire, but" - J.K. Rowling
"You want us to love you, is that right? Love, Tabitha Crum, is to be earned, not given away to just anyone like a festering case of fleas." - Jessica  Lawson
"На коврике лежали открытка от сестры дяди Вернона по имени Мардж, отдыхавшей на острове Уайт, коричневый конверт, в котором, судя по всему, лежал счет, и письмо для Гарри." - J.K. Rowling
"Why would anyone bother making door-keys shrink?’ said George." - J.K. Rowling
"That's what yer little sister said,' said Hagrid, nodding at Ron. Met her jus' yesterday.' Hagrid looked sideways at Harry, his beard twitching. 'Said she was jus' lookin' round the grounds, but I reckon she was hopin' she might run inter someone else at my house.' He winked at Harry. 'If yeh ask me, she wouldn' say no ter a signed-'" - J.K. Rowling
"Bize aslında kim olduğumuzu gösteren şey, yeteneklerimizden" - J.K. Rowling
"Snape'in İksir dersinde kasıtlı olarak karmaşa yaratmak," - J.K.Rowling Harry Potter
"I had become Harry Potter. Except I was thirteen and not magic, and my destiny, whatever it was, held no profound purpose." - Tammara Webber
"Bisogna chiamare le cose con il loro nome, la paura del nome non fa altro che aumentare la paura della cosa stessa." - J.K. Rowling
"Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot, and Prongs,” sighed George, patting the heading of the map. “We owe them so much." - Fred and George Weasley
"For our Hogwarts is in danger from external, deadly foes" - J.K. Rowling
"He hurried to car and set off home, hoping he was imagining things, which he had never hoped before, because he didn't approve of imagination." - J.K. Rowling
"SO WHAT" Harry shouted. "Don't you understand? If Snape gets hold of the Stone, Voldemort's coming back! Haven't you heard what it was like when he was trying to take over? There won't be any Hogwarts to get expelled from! He'll flatten it, or turn it into a school for the Dark Arts! Losing points doesn't matter anymore, can't you see? Do you think he'll leave you and your families alone if Gryffindor wins the house cup? If I get caught before I can get to the Stone, well, I'll have to go back to the Dursleys and wait for Voldemort to find me there, it's only dying a bit later than I would have, because I'm never going over to the Dark Side!" - J.K. Rowling
"I finally figured out why Voldemort's face is so flat. He ran into the wrong wall at the train station." - Fangirls
"The Headmaster told Professor Flitwick that this was, indeed, a secret and delicate matter of which he had already been informed, and that he did not think pressing it at this time would help me or anyone. Professor Flitwick started to say something about the Headmaster's usual plotting going much too far, and I had to interrupt at that point and explain that it had been my own idea and not anything the Headmaster forced me into, so Professor Flitwick spun around and started lecturing me, and the Headmaster interrupted him and said that as the Boy-Who-Lived I was doomed to have weird and dangerous adventures so I was safer if I got into them on purpose instead of waiting for them to happen by accident, and that was when Professor Flitwick threw up his little hands and started shrieking in a high-pitched voice at both of us about how he didn't care what we were cooking up together, but this wasn't ever to happen again for as long as I was in Ravenclaw House or he would have me thrown out and I could go to Gryffindor which was where all this Dumbledoring belonged -" - Eliezer Yudkowsky
"By attempting to kill you, Voldemort himself singled out the remarkable person who sits here in front of me, and gave him the tools for the job! It is Voldemort's fault that you were able to see into his thoughts, his ambitions, that you even understand the snakelike language in which he gives orders, and yet, Harry, despite your privileged insight into Voldemort's world (which, incidentally, is a gift any Death Eater would kill to have), you have never been seduced by the Dark Arts, never, even for a second, shown the slightest desire to become one of Voldemort's followers!"" - J.K. Rowling
"Ending up with that gigantic outsized brain must have taken some sort of runaway evolutionary process, something that would push and push without limits." - Eliezer Yudkowsky
"Harry Potter mustn't be angry... Dobby hoped... if Harry Potter thought his friends had forgotten him... Harry Potter might not want to go back to school, sir..." - J.K.Rowling
"I wait all year for the colder seasons, just so that when I wear my Hogwarts scarf it's functional as well as fashionable." - Love The Stacks Bookstore
"I don't want to stay here overnight,' said Harry angrily, sitting up and throwing back his covers. 'I want to find McLaggen and kill him." - J.K. Rowling
"Dilediğin kadar para,dilediğin kadar yaşam" - J.K. Rowling
"Türlü türlü cesaret vardır," dedi. "Düşmanlarımıza karşı koymak yürek" - J.K. Rowling
"They never understood what Harry Potter was about. Or maybe they didn't want to understand." - Asmara W.M
"¡Bienvenidos!-dijo-.¡Bienvenidos a un año nuevo en Hogwarts! Antes de comenzar nuestro banquete, quiero deciros unas pocas palabras. Y aquí están, ¡Papanatas! ¡Llorones! ¡Baratijas! ¡Pellizco!...¡Muchas gracias!" - Albus Dumbledore J.K. Rowling
"Kill me, then! You will not win, you cannot win! The wand will never, ever be yours-" - Gellert Grindelwald - JK Rowling
"You, yourself, will never rest until you've tried!" - J.K. Rowling
"Snape'in Đksir dersinde kasıtlı olarak karmaşa yaratmak," - J.K.Rowling Harry Potter
"El amor es la magia más importante y poderosa del mundo." - J.K. Rowling
"La juventud y su agudo agijón de amor" - J.K. Rowling
"Self-Forgiveness is the most important wand in all of Diagon Alley™." - Monika Zands
"Creo que no me equivoco al pensar, querido mío, que naciste justo a mitad del invierno, ¿no es así?" - J.K. Rowling
"They never understood what Harry Potter what about. Or maybe they didn't want to understand." - Asmara W.M
"Through the gaps in the books, Ryan could see someone in the next aisle over, moving slowly. Someone in black. Someone whistling. Ryan recognized the tune. It was the theme music to" - Derek Landy
"То був найпонуріший, найнеприємніший туалет, до якого коли-небудь заходив Гаррі." - Rowling
"Still here, Faulkner?" Luke sneered." - Robyn Schneider
"Thanks. Seriously, you must have better things to do with your life than waste it on the hopeless?'" - Michelle Hodkin
"What are you up to?" - J. Lynn
"Merlin's pants!" shrieked Hermione, jumping up and running from the room." - J.K. Rowling
"And then a silver hare, a boar, and a fox soared past Harry, Ron, and Hermione's heads: The dementors fell back before the creatures' approach. Three more people had arrived out of the darkness to stand beside them, their wands outstretched, continuing to cast their Patronuses: Luna, Ernie, and Seamus." - J.K. Rowling
"I have a theory that the world is broken up into two kinds of people."" - Autumn Doughton
"Wow, we're identical!" - J.K. Rowling
"October arrived, spreading a damp chill over the grounds and into the castle. Madam Pomfrey, the nurse, was kept busy by a sudden spate of colds among the staff and students. Raindrops the size of bullets thundered on the castle windows for days on end; the lake rose, the flower beds turned into muddy streams, and Hagrid’s pumpkins swelled to the size of garden sheds." - J.K. Rowling
"Someday," said the Boy-Who-Lived, "when the distant descendants of Homo sapiens are looking back over the history of the galaxy and wondering how it all went so wrong, they will conclude that the original mistake was when someone taught Hermione Granger how to read." - Eliezer Yudkowsky
"No confíes en cosas que tengan la capacidad de pensar pero de las cuales no sepas dónde tienen el cerebro." - J.K. Rowling
"Harry―yer a wizard." - J.K. Rowling
"The plan, which I really hope I fulfilled, is that the reader, like Harry, would gradually discover Ginny as pretty much the ideal girl for Harry. She’s tough, not in an unpleasant way, but she’s gutsy. He needs to be with someone who can stand the demands of being with Harry Potter, because he’s a scary boyfriend in a lot of ways. He’s a marked man. I think she’s funny, and I think that she’s very warm and compassionate. These are all things that Harry requires in his ideal woman…. Initially, she’s terrified by his image. I mean, he’s a bit of a rock god to her when she sees him first, at 10 or 11, and he’s this famous boy. So Ginny had to go through a journey… I didn’t want Ginny to be the first girl that Harry ever kissed. That’s something I meant to say, and it’s kind of tied in…. And I feel that Ginny and Harry, in this book, they are total equals. They are worthy of each other. They’ve both gone through a big emotional journey, and they’ve really got over a lot of delusions together. So, I enjoyed writing that. I really like Ginny as a character." - J.K. Rowling
"If my public existence does anything worthwhile, hopefully it at least demystifies the author a bit, because I know when I was younger I felt like authors were like wizards or something. Turns out they're total muggles." - John Green
"Not at all, I just don't understand how the Arch Alchemist became mortal all of a sudden."" - Robyn Schneider
"WAIT, WAIT! JUST one more!" - Cora Carmack
"Why spiders? Why couldn't it be 'follow the butterflies'?" - JK Rowling
"Don't you think you're a little old now to be quoting" - Jennifer Gilby Roberts
"Spiders... the spiders... they want me to tap-dance. And I don't want to tap-dance!" - JK Rowling
"Harry dreamed he was back in the DA room. Cho was accusing him of luring her there under false pretences; she said he had promised her a hundred and fifty Chocolate Frog Cards if she showed up. Harry protested... Cho shouted, 'Cedric gave me loads of Chocolate Frog Cards, look!' And pulled out fistfuls of Cards from inside her robes and threw them into the air. Then she turned into Hermione, who said, 'You did promise her, you know, Harry... I think you'd better give her something else instead... how about your Firebolt?'" - JK Rowling
"Sometimes, I feel my breath coming in shorter, quicker, spastic bursts, feel my heart threaten to thunder through my ribs, feel sweat beading on my brow...and I know it’s time to bust out those “chocolate frogs” from Harry Potter." - Shannon Celebi
"Aber glaubt mir, dass man Glück und Zuversicht selbst in Zeiten der Dunkelheit zu finden vermag. Man darf bloß nicht vergessen ein Licht leuchten zu lassen." - Albus Dumbledore
"I know nothing of the secrets of death, Harry, for I chose my feeble imitation of life instead." - Nearly Headless Nick J.K. Rowling
"Der Schmerz, den wir alle über diesen Verlust empfinden, erinnert mich, erinnert uns, daran, dass, obgleich wir von verschiedenen Orten kommen und verschiedene Sprachen sprechen, unsere Herzen gemeinsam schlagen. Im Licht der jüngsten Ereignisse sind die Bande der Freundschaft, die wir geknüpft haben, wichtiger denn je. Beherzigt das. Und Cedric Diggory wird nicht vergeblich gestorben sein. Beherzigt das." - Albus Dumbledore
"There is no good or evil, there is only power and those too weak to weak it." - -Lord Voldemort
"İyiyle kötü diye bir sey yoktur, güç vardır sadece, bir de o gücü elde edemeyecek kadar zayıf olanlar..." - J.K. Rowling
"La verdad. Es una cosa terrible y hermosa, y por lo tanto debe ser tratada con gran cuidado." - Albus Dumbledore J.K. Rowling
"Es sind nicht unsere Fähigkeiten, die zeigen, wer wir wirklich sind, sondern unsere Entscheidungen." - Albus Dumbledore
"("we appreciated the intricately thought-out, detailed universe you've created for your story." ~Arthur A. Levine Books (publishers of The Harry Potter series.)) about my book!" - Arthur A. Levine books
"Son ingeniosas de verdad, las cosas que inventan los muggles para arreglárselas sin magia." - J. K. Rowling
"Mi ero troppo affezionato a te" spiegò Silente con semplicità. "Tenevo più alla tua felicità che a farti conoscere la verità,più alla tua serenità che al mio piano.Ho agito esattamente come Voldemort si aspetta che agiscano gli sciocchi in grado di amare" - J.K. Rowling
"He did not know or care whether they were wizards or Muggles, friends or foes; all he cared about was that a dark stain was spreading across Dobby's front, and that he had stretched out his thin arms to Harry with a look of supplication. Harry caught him and laid him sideways on the cool grass." - J.K. Rowling
"I knew it!" - J.K. Rowling
"You foul, lying, evil little cockroach!" - JK Rowling
"Ministry of Magic (M.O.M) Classification." - J.K. Rowling
"The greatest minds are like film, they take the negatives and develop themselves in darkness..." - Brandi L. Bates
"Did you kiss?" asked Hermione briskly." - J.K. Rowling
"Strange how short-sighted being invisible can make you." - J. K. Rowling
"Parvati positively beamed. Harry could tell that she was feeling guilty for having laughed at Hermione in Transfiguration. He looked around and saw that Hermione was beaming back, if possible even more brightly. Girls were very strange sometimes." - J.K. Rowling
"For a split second, Harry thought how absurd it was for Tonks to expect the dummy to hear her talking that quietly through a sheet of glass, when there were buses rumbling along behind her and all the racket of street full of shoppers. Then he reminded himself that dummies could not hear anyway." - J.K. Rowling
"Lies propagate, that's what I'm saying. You've got to tell more lies to cover them up, lie about every fact that's connected to the first lie. And if you kept on lying, and you kept on trying to cover it up, sooner or later you'd even have to start lying about the general laws of thought. Like, someone is selling you some kind of alternative medicine that doesn't work, and any double-blind experimental study will confirm that it doesn't work. So if someone wants to go on defending the lie, they've got to get you to disbelieve in the experimental method. Like, the experimental method is just for merely scientific kinds of medicine, not amazing alternative medicine like theirs. Or a good and virtuous person should believe as strongly as they can, no matter what the evidence says. Or truth doesn't exist and there's no such thing as objective reality. A lot of common wisdom like that isn't just mistaken, it's anti-epistemology, it's systematically wrong. Every rule of rationality that tells you how to find the truth, there's someone out there who needs you to believe the opposite. If you once tell a lie, the truth is ever after your enemy; and there's a lot of people out there telling lies." - Eliezer Yudkowsky
"Neville kicked aside the broken fragments of his own wand as they walked slowly toward the door. "My gran's going do kill be," said Neville thickly, blood spattering from his nose as he spoke, "dat was by dad's old wand..." - J.K. Rowling
"Dumbledore raised his finger for silence, a silence which fell as though he had struck Uncle Vernon dumb." - J.K. Rowling
"And anyway, life's too short...." - J.K. Rowling
"Why do you live?" - J.K. Rowling
"Dumbledore was on his feet again, pale as any of the surrounding Inferi, but taller than any too, the fire dancing in his eyes; his wand was raised like a torch and from its tip emanated the flames, like a vast lasso, encircling them all with warmth." - J.K. Rowling
"Karakarof spat onto the ground at Dumbledore's feet. In one swift movement, Hagrid seized the front of Karkaroff's furs, lifted him into the air, and slammed him against a nearby tree." - J.K. Rowling
"And then he heard Mad-Eye Moody’s voice, echoing in some distant chamber of his empty brain:" - J.K. Rowling
"Wenn wir träumen, betreten wir eine Welt, die ganz und gar uns gehört. <3" - J.K. Rowling
"If I could just get Broom to cooperate, we could fly, Glo said. Then we wouldn't have to worry about traffic. Harry Potter didn't have to worry about traffic." - Janet Evanovich
"Personally, I think the "Potter" books have too many adverbs and not enough sex." - Lev Grossman
"This is the power of myth: that we can experience invisible spiritual realities and truths greater than visible, material things in story form." - John Granger
"Sometimes Harry thought the deepest split in his personality wasn't anything to do with his dark side; rather it was the divide between the altruistic and forgiving Abstract Reasoning Harry, versus the frustrated and angry Harry In The Moment." - Eliezer Yudkowsky
"Albus Severus," kata Harry pelan, sehingga tak ada orang lain kecuali Ginny yang bisa mendengarnya, dan Ginny cukup bijaksana untuk berpura-pura melambai kepada Rose, yang sekarang sudah di atas kereta, "kau dinamakan seperti dua kepala sekolah Hogwarts. Salah satunya adalah Slytherin dan dia barangkali orang paling berani yang pernah kutemui." - J.K. Rowling
"In a moral dilemma where you lost something either way, making the choice would feel bad either way, so you could temporarily save yourself a little mental pain by refusing to decide. At the cost of not being able to plan anything in advance, and at the cost of incurring a huge bias toward inaction or waiting until too late..." - Eliezer Yudkowsky
"Is my world turning into Harry Potter's?!" - Jada Berglund
"Christian allegories are a dime a dozen. You can find them in any story, if you look hard enough. Even Harry Potter." - Jason Krumbine
"Ooh, tu tens um ar muito mais saboroso que o Crabbe e o Goyle, Harry" - J.K. Rowling
"With great power comes great responsibility." - Stan Lee
"Whosoever holds this hammer, if he be worthy, shall possess the power of Thor." - Stan Lee
"Excelsior!" - Stan Lee
"Guess that's thirty-one pieces of silver you've got now, huh? Sleep well, Judas." - Mark Millar
"There is only one who is all powerful, and his greatest weapon is love." - Stan Lee
"HULK SMASH!" - Stan Lee
"Your humans slaughter each other because of the color of your skin, or your faith or your plitics -- or for no reason at all -- too many of you hate as easily as you draw breath. - Magneto" - Stan Lee
"Coming from your friendly neighborhood Spider-Man!" - Stan Lee
"Nuff said!" - Stan Lee
"I look down from the branch I'm perched on. The Careers look murderous. Now I smile.'How have things been with you?' I ask sweetly." - Suzanne Collins
"The power of prayer is still the greatest ever known in this endless eternal universe.-The Watcher in The Avengers #14" - Stan Lee
"When the mob and the press and the whole world tell you to move, your job is to plant yourself like a tree by the river of truth, and tell the whole world 'No, You Move." - J. Michael Straczynski
"Each of you, for himself or herself, by himself or herself, and on his or her own responsibility, must speak. It is a solemn and weighty responsibility and not lightly to be flung aside at the bullying of pulpit, press, government or politician. Each must decide for himself or herself alone what is right and what is wrong, which course is patriotic and which isn’t. You cannot shirk this and be a man, to decide it against your convictions is to be an unqualified and inexcusable traitor. It is traitorous both against yourself and your country." - Mark Twain
"In the beginning Marvel created the Bullpen and the Style. And the Bullpen was without form, and void; and darkness was upon the face of the Artists. And the Spirit of Marvel said, Let there be The Fantasic Four. And there was The Fantasic Four. And Marvel saw The Fantasic Four. And it was good." - Stan Lee
"Let us join the flow of ethereal vibrations when love is at our fingertips and encounter the mystery and wonder of unsuspected instants. Let us dip into the marvel of the budding and the blooming spray of our dreams brightening up our path. ("Crystallization under an umbrella")" - Erik Pevernagie
"Luck's a revolving door, you just need to know when it's your time to walk through." - Stan Lee
"Nevermore shall men make slaves of others! Not in Asgard--not on Earth--not any place where the hammer of Thor can be swung--or where men of good faith hold freedom dear!" - Stan Lee
"For men must never feel a cause is hopeless-- men must never feel an enemy cannot be beaten!" - Stan Lee
"Wives should be kissed - not heard." - Stan Lee
"Of what import are brief, nameless lives . . . to Galactus?" - Stan Lee
"I said, “Juvenile delinquents eat chocolate cake, so chocolate cake must cause juvenile delinquency,” but nobody listened to me. I wasn’t on TV." - Stan Lee
"There must always be those with the fire of rebellion in their blood! There must always be those who will dare to fight an unbeatable enemy! Only thus can the race of man remain strong and fearless!" - Stan Lee
"Good" and "Bad" may be alien concepts to him, Ben." - Stan Lee
"And now, until we meet again, may the blessings of Asgard be showered upon you!" - Stan Lee
"Let's lay it right on the line. Bigotry and racism are among the deadliest social ills plaguing the world today. But, unlike a team of costumed super-villains, they can’t be halted with a punch in the snoot, or a zap from a ray gun. The only way to destroy them is to expose them—to reveal them for the insidious evils they really are." - Stan Lee
"Duane just kept working, not even looking up." - Stan Lee
"I'm about to go full Natasha Romanoff on his ass." - Mel
"Through lightest dark or darkest light, You dont need no bling to join the fight. We're mercs with mouths and so much more, Yippee-ki-yay, we're the Deadpool Corps!" - Deadpool
"You can realize your dream, as long as it’s got enough nightmare in it" - Kieron Gillen
"#Cats are marvelous creatures - they either adapt to circumstances, or decide to make circumstances adapt to them. Either way - they win." - Will Advise
"In learning a language, when from mere words we reach the laws of words, we have gained a great deal. But if we stop at that point and concern ourselves only with the marvels of the formation of a language, seeking the hidden reason of all its apparent caprices, we do not reach that end, for grammar is not literature… When we come to literature, we find that, though it conforms to the rules of grammar, it is yet a thing of joy; it is freedom itself. The beauty of a poem is bound by strict laws, yet it transcends them. The laws are its wings. They do not keep it weighed down. They carry it to freedom. Its form is in law, but its spirit is in beauty. Law is the first step toward freedom, and beauty is the complete liberation which stands on the pedestal of law. Beauty harmonizes in itself the limit and the beyond – the law and the liberty." - Rabindranath Tagore
"When we try to pick out anything by itself, we find it hitched to everything else in the universe. -John Muir, naturalist, explorer, and writer (1838-1914)" - John Muir
"The only advice anybody can give is if you want to be a writer, keep writing. And read all you can, read everything." - Stan Lee
"The pleasure of reading a story and wondering what will come next for the hero is a pleasure that has lasted for centuries and, I think, will always be with us." - Stan Lee
"Forced idleness is a terrible thing." - Stan Lee
"Marvel is a cornucopia of fantasy, a wild idea, a swashbuckling attitude, an escape from the humdrum and the prosaic. It's a serendipitous feast for the mind, the eye, the imagination, a literate celebration of unbridled creativity, coupled with a touch of rebellion and an insolent desire to spit in the eye of the dragon." - Stan Lee
"I'm listening" - Loki of Asgard
"I am not going to kill you. First I'm going to beat on you for a few hours." - Marc Guggenheim
"But what is grief, if not love persevering?" - Laura Donney
"To him the magic of their mysteries;" - Lord Byron
"How ironic it is to have your past-self staring at you" - Mary Gehad
"I have been falling for 30 minutes!" - Loki
"Ask not for whom the bell tolls, it tolls for the raven nevermore" - Edgar Allan Poe
"Everywhere power has to be seen in order to give the impression that it sees. But this is not the case. It doesn't see anything. It is like a woman walled up in a 'peepshow'. It is separated from society by a two-way mirror. And it turns slowly, undresses slowly, adopting the lewdest poses, little suspecting that the other is watching and masturbating in secret." - Jean Baudrillard
"In each life, there come moments that feel as though they are a seashell from centuries ago caught and preserved in stone. All that is beautiful is there in full detail. And we are allowed to marvel as though time isn’t slipping away from us, as though it will always be here, in our hands." - Corinne Beenfield
"I guess that’s what being Spider-Man means. Helping everyone, even when it doesn’t seem like a huge deal." - Brittney Morris
"No one bad is ever truly bad, and no one good is ever truly good" - Michael Waldron
"Those you underestimate will devour you." - Elissa Karasik
"Forget about homework and you get in trouble with your teacher. Forget about taxes and you get in trouble with your government...But forget about hate and you know what happens? You just don't hate someone anymore." - Ryan North ; Erica Henderson
"God is so great. Creation sings unto Him and the nations marvel the works of His hands." - Gift Gugu Mona
"The profoundly negationist character of information, the demand for which has no concern for any historical reality or any moral meaning. Shoah or no Shoah, if Hitler were alive he would be on all the screens." - Jean Baudrillard
"For even in the best times, people did tend to be a little thoughtless. Not realizing how miraculous it all was. Life itself was a marvel that most only treasured now and then. Time was brief." - Ruth Ann Oskolkoff
"The flesh may be weak but the thunder is strong" - Jason Aaron
"All Gods will burn when The Queen of Cinders rises from her throne of fire" - Jason Aaron
"There was no way to prepare for how death looked up close unless you had lived your whole life with her breathe on your neck" - MacKenzie Lee
"Those you underestimate will devour you" - Elissa Karasik
"Well, because it can't all be sorrow, can it?" - Marvel Wandavision
"We’re both upside down." - Yelena Belova
"Your pain only makes you stronger." - Melina Vostokoff
"I am Iron Man." - Tony Stark
"Compromise where you can. Where you can't, don't. Even if everyone is telling you that something wrong is something right. Even if the whole world is telling you to move, it is your duty to plant yourself like a tree, look them in the eye, and say 'No, you move'." - Christopher Markus
"You know, I guess one person can make a difference. 'Nuff said..." - Stan Lee
"Yesterday I was clever, so I took the glory for me. Today He makes me wise, so I give the glory to Thee" - indonesia123
"The truth is a matter of circumstance. It's not all things to all people all the time. And neither am I." - Natasha Romanoff
"You know I believe true balance lies somewhere between rage and serenity." - Charles Xavier (X-Men)
"Wait... maybe the question isn't "How do I beat him?" Maybe the question is "Dude, why are we even fighting in the first place?" - Ryan North
"Remember, America... not Wind like a watch, but Wind... like the air..." - Frank Miller
"Fear is not a choice." - Kelly Sue DeConnick
"Your Saviour is here!" - Loki of Asgard
"Those movies... ridiculously inaccurate. The real gods of Asgard — Thor, Loki, Odin, and the rest — are much more powerful, much more terrifying than anything Hollywood could concoct." - Rick Riordan
"The greatest gift we can receive is to have the chance, just once in our lives, to make a difference." - Doctor Stephen Strange
"Education will teach you ephemeral things. God will teach you wonders." - Michael Bassey Johnson
"I am pressed to admit that I don’t have the capacity to understand the bloodied horrors of a cross and the wild exhilaration of an empty tomb. But at the point that I think I completely understand God, I have at that very point humanized Him and in that very action I have lost Him. Therefore, I much prefer to simply marvel." - Craig D. Lounsbrough
"Everything is reflected in both - outside (out there) and inside (in here) - marvel at it, experience, learn. The personal is also the universal, and the universal is also the personal." - Jay Woodman
"Whatever we have in the glory of man is "away". Those are just not enough before we go "home" to the glory of God." - indonesia123
"Look around and marvel at the amazing world that surrounds your everyday life." - Avina Celeste
"A young hero is the world's greatest attraction." - Michael Bassey Johnson
"Mr. McGee, don't make me angry. You wouldn't like me when I'm angry." - Bill Bixby as Dr. David Banner
"The truth is a matter of circumstance. It's not all things to all people all the time. And neither am I." - -Natasha Romanoff, Captain Amercia: The Winter Soldier
"The Source …" - Neena Verma
"Wait... maybe the question isn't "How do I beat him?" Maybe the question in "Dude, why are we even fighting in the first place?" - Ryan North
"Ian was too Captain America for my taste." - Gloria Craw
"Prepare thyselves for battle most fierce and awesome." - Jim Starlin
"Delight in the pursuit, surrender to imperfection, and marvel at the wonder - as you observe what is." - Julieanne O'Connor
"The creation within the space of a single century of a vast Arab Empire stretching from Spain to India is one of the most extraordinary marvels of history." - J.J. Saunders
"However, like Elasti-Girl and Batgirl, many of the DC’s female characters got better treatment than the heroines featured in Marvel Comics. Scanning a comic book rack in the ’60s, the covers would tell two different stories about the women starring within those pages. Wonder Woman and Supergirl starred in comic books that featured their names on the covers. These heroines were often seen performing great feats of strength like battling monsters or stopping missiles with their bare hands. Batgirl’s name might be featured prominently on a cover of Detective Comics. The Doom Patrol’s Elasti-Girl was shown in the thick of battle fighting side by side with her male compatriots. On the Marvel Comics covers, Invisible Girl, Wasp, and Marvel Girl were shown struggling in the clutches of a villain, or watching helplessly from the background as their male teammates took care of business." - Mike Madrid
"If men are Stars, then women are Sky; there's no marvel without either of them." - Mohith Agadi
"En la montaña de los Thunderbolts no todo es lo que parece, Andreas”- Piedra lunar." - Warren Ellis
"¿Sabes qué hago aquí? Pienso en matar gente obviamente. Pregunta estúpida. Una vez me grabaron mientras mataba. Una periodista imbécil vino a Ryker’s con su estúpido equipo de cámara y me preguntó por qué sonreía. No sólo me gusta. No solo se me da bien. No voy a decirte que es mi idea del arte ni mierdas por el estilo. Cuando mato, me fortalezco. Mi cabeza se aligera. Me quito todo el peso de encima. Mi corazón bombea más deprisa. Y no hay esfuerzo. Todo se vuelve fácil. Soy más fuerte, más rápido. No hay gravedad. Veo más lejos. Lo sé todo. Cada vez que mato, me parezco más a Dios. ¿Puedes imaginártelo? Él crea, yo tomo. Tal vez ese sea el secreto de la religión, ¿no? Tal vez yo soy el nuevo Dios. Puede que matar a la velocidad que él crea me convierta en su único amigo. Qué idea, ¿no?”- Bullseye." - Warren Ellis
"...it is rather a shame that our paths only crossed under these circumstances. In another reality, you and I could have been travelers through all of space and time." - -HaloFin17, Space and Time
"I'm Natasha Romanoff. Nobody judos my ass." - Margaret Stohl
"Also guys, it would be awesome if you could upvote the information I've added letting everyone know that some of these quotes are fake and aren't real or cool things to spread around. :) Thanks Hiddlestoners!! ^_^" - Tom Hiddleston
"Ultron: Stark asked for a savior, and settled for a slave." - Joss Whedon
"There are places which exist in this world beyond the reach of imagination." - Daniel J. Rice
"Humans are odd. They think order and chaos are somehow opposites and try to control what won't be. But there is grace in their failings." - The Vision
"I am telling you now: I might be young, but I am good. I work hard, and I'm a good person. I know what's right. I know what's wrong. And if you give me this chance-- if you just give me one shot to show you how good I can be, how hard I work, how much I believe in doing the right thing -- I won't let you down. I promise." - Matt Fraction
"Kamala: You're WOLVERINE! My Wolverine-and-Storm-in-space fanfic was the third-most upvoted story on Freaking Awesome last month!" - G. Willow Wilson
"I'm a disciple of the Tao of Peter Parker, obviously," - Jim Butcher
"It’s hard to look back on your life and point to one event–one moment–that changed everything and set you on the path that made you…you. That only happens in movies. Most people’s lives are a series of millions of messy little moments strung together adding up to a messy little life. But sometimes, you can look back and see a pattern forming… see a clear path cutting through the mess." - Jeff Lemire
"Who is Incredible Hulk ?" - gaurav rao
"Life at best is bittersweet." - Jack Kirby
"Watching Nadia rest peacefully in my embrace, I am reminded that it is the woman who is marveled upon, where man kneels in silence to honor and respect; and it is that same marvel that cures a good man into being a better man if not the world." - Luccini Shurod
"Homo Sapiens and their guns." - Jack Kirby
"Being chased by a man with a giant blue helmet on his head will make you rethink your life of crime." - Joe Crowe "Assembled 50 Years of Earth's Mightiest"
"If happy comes along - that weird unbearable delight that's actually happy - I think you have to grab it while you can. You take what you can get, 'cause it's here, and then... gone." - Katherine Pryde Shadowcat
"Iron Man: We have money!" - Iron Man
"You can stand in the middle of a street and let the drops fall on you and feel refreshed. It's like God's little sprinkler." - Travis Thrasher
"I pray that I am sufficiently stirred by the rumor of great things to seek the God who created this single thread that I am, and to marvel at a vision magnificent enough to cause this God to weave from this single thread a tapestry most resplendent." - Craig D. Lounsbrough
"Amazingly similar in the execution. A bow pulled, an arrow shot. Entirely different in the aftermath. I killed a boy whose name I don't even know. Somewhere his family is weeping for him. His friends call for my blood. Maybe he had a girlfriend who really believed he would come back...." - Suzanne Collins
"We're on our way to rescue a queen, overthrow an evil wizard, and win back a country." - Jonathan Maberry
"Of what import are brief, nameless lives . . . to Galactus??." - Junot Díaz
"The civilizations barter in coldness; they peddles it, reinforces it, market it, entices with it, reward it, and then flees from it when it's unchecked force is too much to marvel at. Soon absolute zero will be on sale, and people will warm up to that notion as well." - Justin K. McFarlane Beau
"If I have forfeited the ability to wonder so as not to offend the tenets of the culture, and if I have sacrificed warm dreams on the cold altar of conformity, it is likely because I have somewhere traded the marvel of the infinite for the malaise of the finite." - Craig D. Lounsbrough
"Stays focused and channel your little efforts through a common canal and you will marvel at the amount of pressure you create in that canal." - Israelmore Ayivor
"You do not need permission to be you. Just be your authentic, brilliant, one-soul-only self. You are a marvel. Act like it!" - Toni Sorenson
"I think of this girl, this bright light coming from such a dark place. I know that the things she believes about God and the Bible and hope and all that are very real to her. They're not nice sayings on Twitter just to fill a box. They're the things she truly believes." - Travis Thrasher
"Throughout history people have gazed at the skies in wonder. You only have to stand at the base of a church steeple to understand why." - Fennel Hudson
"Some books don't answer the inside, I read one comic called Ms.Marvel!" - DeYtH Banger
"DeadPool reminds me for some other films which are sci-fi, like Selflessness and Mr.Nobody....But the speech is awful it must be fixed!" - Deyth Banger
"Inconceivable!"" - William Goldman
"Life is not a PG feel-good movie. Real life often ends badly. Literature tries to document this reality, while showing us it is still possible for us to endure nobly." - Matthew Quick
"Into the sky to win or die." - Christopher Paolini
"As a matter of fact, I rather feel like expressing myself now." - Jo Stockton
"There is a LIGHT in this world. A healing spirit more powerful than any darkness we may encounter. We sometime lose sight of this force when there is suffering, and too much pain. Then suddenly, the spirit will emerge through the lives of ordinary people who hear a call and answer in extraordinary ways." - Richard Attenborough
"Oh, don't be silly - EVERYONE wants this. Everyone wants to be *us*." - Lauren Weisberger
"We are too young to realize that certain things are impossible... So we will do them anyway." - William Wilberforce
"It hadn't been so long ago, yet sometimes she felt that she'd been an altogether different person back then." - Nicholas Sparks
"You're gonna need a bigger boat." - Peter Benchley
"Frodo: 'It's a pity Bilbo didn't kill Gollum when he had the chance.'" - J.R.R. Tolkien
"Me? I'm dishonest, and a dishonest man you can always trust to be dishonest. Honestly. It's the honest ones you want to watch out for, because you can never predict when they're going to do something incredibly... stupid." - Captain Jack Sparrow
"So if I asked you about art, you'd probably give me the skinny on every art book ever written. Michelangelo, you know a lot about him. Life's work, political aspirations, him and the pope, sexual orientations, the whole works, right? But I'll bet you can't tell me what it smells like in the Sistine Chapel. You've never actually stood there and looked up at that beautiful ceiling; seen that. If I ask you about women, you'd probably give me a syllabus about your personal favorites. You may have even been laid a few times. But you can't tell me what it feels like to wake up next to a woman and feel truly happy. You're a tough kid. And I'd ask you about war, you'd probably throw Shakespeare at me, right, "once more unto the breach dear friends." But you've never been near one. You've never held your best friend's head in your lap, watch him gasp his last breath looking to you for help. I'd ask you about love, you'd probably quote me a sonnet. But you've never looked at a woman and been totally vulnerable. Known someone that could level you with her eyes, feeling like God put an angel on earth just for you. Who could rescue you from the depths of hell. And you wouldn't know what it's like to be her angel, to have that love for her, be there forever, through anything, through cancer. And you wouldn't know about sleeping sitting up in the hospital room for two months, holding her hand, because the doctors could see in your eyes, that the terms "visiting hours" don't apply to you. You don't know about real loss, 'cause it only occurs when you've loved something more than you love yourself. And I doubt you've ever dared to love anybody that much. And look at you... I don't see an intelligent, confident man... I see a cocky, scared shitless kid. But you're a genius Will. No one denies that. No one could possibly understand the depths of you. But you presume to know everything about me because you saw a painting of mine, and you ripped my fucking life apart. You're an orphan right?" - Ben Affleck
"Watch a movie that makes you laugh or listen to a song that makes you cry. Embrace your emotions and be proud of what you feel." - Demi Lovato
"If chess has any relationship to film-making, it would be in the way it helps you develop patience and discipline in choosing between alternatives at a time when an impulsive decision seems very attractive." - Stanley Kubrick
"Izzi: Remember Moses Morales?" - Darren Aronofsky
"Politeness is the first thing people lose once they get the power." - Amit Kalantri
"I’ll be there someday, I can go the distance." - Walt Disney Company
"[on Martin Freeman playing Bilbo Baggins] It was great. I got to hang out with him, and I kept a straight face for a bit and then I started giggling because I know Martin, I don't know Bilbo. For Martin to be sitting there playing Bilbo is amazing. He's going to be amazing, he's going to be fantastic in this film." - Benedict Cumberbatch
"I'd rather die tomorrow than live a hundred years without knowing you." - Walt Disney Company
"All worries are less with wine." - Amit Kalantri
"My whole life I though I was the star of an overly earnest romance movie, and it turns out I was in a goddamned buddy comedy all along." - John Green
"And your life,' Katie said to Christy, 'is turning into a rather predictable romance. Girl meets boy. Boy is a dork for four years. Girl blossoms into a gorgeous woman. Boy finds his brain. Girl turns into starry-eyed mush head." - Robin Jones Gunn
"I'm the one who's always been there for you... not him!" - Cassandra Clare
"If you were waiting for the opportune moment, that was it." - Captain Jack Sparrow
"Great losses are great lessons." - Amit Kalantri
"Beauty without the beloved is a like a sword through the heart." - Ida Alexa Ross Wylie
"Why do you look so sad?"" - "Pierrot le fou"
"Jack Sparrow: [after Will draws his sword] Put it away, son. It's not worth you getting beat again." - Captain Jack Sparrow
"Be a worthy worker and work will come." - Amit Kalantri
"I remember exactly how it felt to see that first message from him in my inbox. It was a little bit surreal. He wanted to know about me. For the next few days at school after that, it felt like I was a character in a movie. I could almost imagine a close-up of my face, projected wide-screen. It's strange, because in reality, I'm not the leading guy. Maybe I'm the best friend." - Becky Albertalli
"Your life is a movie. You are the main character. You say your scripts and act to your lines. Of course you do your lines in each scene. There is a hidden camera and a director who you can ask for help anytime up above." - Happy Positivity
"One word love: curiosity. You long for freedom. You long to do what you want to do because you want it. To act on selfish impulse. You want to see what it's like. One day you won't be able to resist." - Captain Jack Sparrow
"Take care of your costume and your confidence will take care of itself." - Amit Kalantri
"The job of feets is walking, but their hobby is dancing." - Amit Kalantri
"……, but as I am a scholar I feel obliged to document what it is like here, most of the time, between the dramatic climaxes. In truth it is like this: You cannot imagine how time can be so still. It hangs. It weighs, and yet there is so little of it. It goes so slowly and it is so scarce. If I was writing this scene it would last a full 15 minutes. I would lie here and you would sit there." - Margaret Edson
"Am I in the wrong place here, or in the wrong life? Did I not recognize, as I sat in a train that raced past a station and did not stop, that I was on the wrong train, and did I not learn from the conductor that the train would not stop at the next station, either, a hundred kilometers away, and did he not also admit to me, whispering with his hand shielding his mouth, that the train would not stop again at all?" - Werner Herzog
"Complications arose, ensued, were overcome" - Captain Jack Sparrow
"Music shouldn't be just a tune, it should be a touch." - Amit Kalantri
"Making judgments on films is in many ways so peculiarly vaporous an occupation that the only question is why, beyond the obvious opportunities for a few lectures fees and a little careerism at a dispiritingly self-limiting level, anyone does it in the first place." - Joan Didion
"Movie without romance feels like food without flavor." - Toba Beta
"Father has a strengthening character like the sun and mother has a soothing temper like the moon." - Amit Kalantri
"Time spent for temporary happiness like movie or outing or weekend on a beach is all synthetic; with shelf life of a day or two. Work for your bigger dreams that should last for whole life. Then movie and beach would seem more interesting, realising that you have done something." - Vikrmn
"God created all things. It's men who decide which ones are mistakes." - Beautiful Creatures
"In your name, the family name is at last because it's the family name that lasts." - Amit Kalantri
"Health is hearty, health is harmony, health is happiness." - Amit Kalantri
"We finally settled on Francis Ford Coppola's version of Dracula, which, unfortunately, Gabriel seemed to think was a comedy. I think it was the combination of Keanu Reeves's British accent and Gary Oldman's elderly Count Dracula hairstyle. They're just misleading." - Molly Harper
"The decision is your own voice, an opinion is the echo of someone else's voice." - Amit Kalantri
"Mixing old wine with new wine is stupidity, but mixing old wisdom with new wisdom is maturity." - Amit Kalantri
"Common man's patience will bring him more happiness than common man's power." - Amit Kalantri
"If my life were still a movie, this is the part that would end up on the cutting room floor. We were all just fill-ins for a long-running soap opera. The actors changed, but the story seldom did. Certainly not the action." - Charles Martin
"War is not just the shower of bullets and bombs from both sides, it is also the shower of blood and bones on both sides." - Amit Kalantri
"If you can't impress them with your argument, impress them with your actions." - Amit Kalantri
"A farmer is a magician who produces money from the mud." - Amit Kalantri
"Tomorrow the birds will sing. Be brave. Face life." - Charlie Chaplin
"If thinking should precede acting, then acting must succeed thinking." - Amit Kalantri
"But see, that's the thing about movies. Nothing is left to the imagination. You read a book, and you see a picture of the characters and the scenes in your mind. You don't have that with a movie. It's all either up there on the screen laid out for you, or it isn't there at all." - Laurie Viera Rigler
"You think your life belongs to you? Tenar gave me my life. That's why I have to live, so that I can give life to someone else. Lebannen... that is the only way we can live forever." - Goro Miyazaki
"I recognized the great monument from the illustration in the copy of /The Jungle Book/ that my mother kept in the top drawer of my bedside table. When I went with Sophia to the Taj Mahal for the first time, I was not as enchanted by the real mausoleum as I had been by its plaster, paint, and paper replica in the studio; the original posed a dreadfully seductive promise in cool marble of a strangely painful loveliness, a lover's lie that death itself might in some mysterious way, because of love, be lovely." - Lee Siegel
"No sport, watching horror movie with friends in bright room." - Toba Beta
"It’s like, how much more black could it be? And the answer is none, none more black." - Christopher Guest
"Ever help a talent to grow," - Md. Ziaul Haque
"there are people capable of eating popcorn at the movie of your agony" - stephanie   roberts
"In a movie he could dream without effort; all he had to do was lean back in a seat and keep his eyes open." - Richard Wright
"A good preview makes you want to see the whole movie." - Adrienne Posey
"দাও বিকশিত হতে মেধাবীকে," - Md. Ziaul Haque
"If most of us want good closing images, we have to change society. If we must watch our life over and over again forever on the day we die then we need our own revolution, starting from within. Or we’ll be in hell. Hell is yourself. Or rather hell is watching your shit life being replayed for eternity. Everyone should place the movie of their life on an LCD screen built into the headstone of their grave, and set on an infinite loop. Then anyone who stops by the grave to look at your movie will soon know whether you’ve gone to heaven or hell." - Mike Hockney
"Life’s just a movie. And some of us are in good ones and some in bad. Well, I think mine is the best there is. And this is how my movie ends." - Mike Hockney
"Well, I think life is precious because you can’t watch it again. I mean you can believe in an after life if that makes you feel better but once you realize you’re not going to be around forever, I think that’s what makes life so magical." - Ricky Gervais
"No one bad is ever truly bad, and no one good is ever truly good" - Michael Waldron
"I'm more of a man than you'll ever be and more of a woman than you'll ever get." - Antonio Fargas in Car Wash, 1976
"Of her portrayal in the 1967 movie, Bonnie and Clyde, Blanche said, 'That movie made me out like a screaming horse's ass!' ... 'I was too busy moving bodies [to act hysterical],' Blanche herself said. ... Her image in this memoir, as well as in Fugitives and in Cumie Barrow's manuscript, was fashioned at a time when Blanche could have easily been charged with the Joplin murders. That may account for the great difference in tone Between Blanche, the young convict in Missouri State Penitentiary, and Blanche, the elder ex-fugitive. Indeed, at least one of Blanche Barrows' champions, Wilbur Winkler, the Deni— son man who co-owned (along with Artie Barrow Winkler) the Cinderella Beauty Shoppe, used Fugitives to try to obtain a parole for Blanche from the Missouri Board of Probation and Parole. In letters to the Platte County prosecutor and the judge involved in Blanche's case, Winkler alluded to the book's description of Blanche in Joplin in an effort to win their support for her release: 'Blanch [sic] ran hysterical [tic] thru [sit] the gunfire down the street carrying [her] dog in her arms,' Winkler wrote. He even sent copies of the book to them—and to others." - John Neal Phillips
"Love isn’t something that we invented. It’s observable. Powerful. It has to mean something. Maybe it means something more, something we can’t yet understand. Maybe it’s some evidence, some artifact of a higher dimension that we can’t consciously perceive." - Brand
"All the promise of a movie is in the trailer." - Adrienne Posey
"In a well-wrought Hollywood film, what can seem like an effortless shift in the narrative point of view from third to first person, signified by an apparently familiar form of camera movement, may in fact involve far more sophisticated cinematic technique than an uncritical viewer is at first able to appreciate. After the shift is accomplished, the viewer, if asked, may say that the point of view from which he sees the world of the movie perfectly coincides with that of the first-person point of view of a female character in the movie onto that same world. But careful examination will reveal that the viewer's ability to follow the visual narration depends on a form of understanding of what he sees that is considerably more logically sophisticated that he takes it to be. For the viewer actually understands that he sees what happens in that fictional world from a point of view that somehow succeeds in folding her first-person point of view (through whose perceptual consciousness the world of the movie is disclosed to him) into a further first-person perspective (namely his - the viewer's). The manner in which the one is enfolded in the other needs to permit the viewer's point of view fully to subtend her perceptual first-person present point of view onto the world of the movie without his thereby coinciding with hers. The two forms of subjectivity (that of the viewer and that of the character) must manage to be perfectly aligned along one logical dimension, while along another remaining perfectly distinct. An ordinary viewer of an ordinary (so-called) point-of-view shot in a Hollywood movie achieves a remarkably logically complex form of point of view onto the world of the movie - one that requires its own cinematically specific mode of logical alienation." - James Conant
"You don't let go of love without a fight." He smiled at her. "The part where you talk to him. The part where you try to keep him. The part where you let him decide he doesn't want you instead of making that decision for him." - Jenny Holiday
"চলো ছায়ার পানে," - Md. Ziaul Haque
"Would we want the headstone over our grave to say, “No point in watching the movie of this person’s life. It was a bore, reality TV at its worst. This person didn’t do anything interesting with his life, and had no good adventures. He did everything conventionally, just going through the same routines as everyone else. He had a couple of girlfriends, got married to one, had children, bought a house, held down a dreary job, paid off his mortgage, retired…died. Millions of others did exactly the same, a story not worth telling, a life not worth living, a movie not worth seeing" - Mike Hockney
"We’re all extras in others’ movies. Why not be the stars?" - Mike Hockney
"Opening and closing images frame our whole lives, like birth and death. But I’m really talking about the dynamic phase of our lives when we’re making our way in the world. The opening image is when we’re eighteen, say, and our closing image is when we’re about fifty. We all have thirty-two years to get our closing image right, and hardly anyone succeeds. When we’re on our deathbed, will we be proud of our closing image, or tormented by it? That’s the challenge of the movie of our life. That’s when we know if we’re going to heaven or hell. That’s the Final Judgment." - Mike Hockney
"I’m not in your movie. You’re in mine." - Mike Hockney
"The worst thing anyone can say is, "I don’t like my movie…I want to watch yours instead." You might as well be dead." - Mike Hockney
"That was how my movie ended. How will yours?" - Mike Hockney
"How will your movie end?" - Mike Hockney
"Greg realised these weren’t his closing images at all. They were the opening images of the new movie of his life, the movie he’d be happy to watch on an infinite loop. His life would be a collection of the most wondrous pearls scattered over a beach of gold in this new Eden. He’d have to polish every moment, to make each gleam and shine like a perfect mirror because he might be seeing himself reflected back in those mirror moments. Forever." - Mike Hockney
"Is the movie of your LIFE how you intended it to be?" - Adam Weishaupt
"Erial, I'm sorry. But your mom...is going to break her promise." - Maquia
"Is this what you want to have written on your gravestone? - "I watched all the top-trending YouTube videos." Well done. Gold Star. Sad." - Steve Madison
"A BETRAYER :-" - Spriha Kant
"The first step towards #मोक्ष - broadly translated as #Salvation - is Identifying Yourself ... Unfortunately we are collectively becoming Non Humans, rather Viruses as depicted in MatrixTheMovie1999." - Sandeep Sahajpal
"因為當你唔可以再擁有o既時候，你唯一可以做o既，就係令自己唔好忘記。很多年之後，睇住個世界係咁變的我終於明白《2046》的悲哀。" - 月巴氏
"Why love is never like the movies" - Holly Bourne
"This life is not a Movie" - Sandesh Hukpachongbang
"She didn't love the movie as a movie, but she appreciated it as a familiar comfort." - Joseph Fink
"It ain't the picture and it ain't the camera - it's the operator." - Jordan Hoechlinchlin
"Margo shushing Alice, who had to sigh theatrically every time Cary Grant did a Cary Grant thing." - Gregory Blake Smith
"If the director himself writes the script or screenplay of the drama, movie etc., the direction becomes perfect because he already imagined each shot nicely in his brain while writing the screenplay!" - Md. Ziaul Haque
"The town was as barren as an empty movie set, the only movement from deer that wandered the boulevards. His eyes skimmed silent streets as he searched for the bed and breakfast. A half-grown fawn, grazing near the side of the road, lifted its head and hurried off to its mother." - Danika Stone
"Margot’s off shopping for new boots with her friend Casey, Daddy’s at work, and Kitty and I are lazing about watching TV when my phone buzzes next to me. It’s a text from Peter. "Movie tonight?" I text back" - Jenny Han
"And Matilda found, to her surprise, that life could be fun. She decided to have as much fun as possible. After all, she was a very smart kid." - Roald Dahl
"I'm gaining weight in the role" - Ana Claudia Antunes
"There’s nothing that makes me cry harder than fiction. There’s nothing that makes me weep, nothing that holds my breath and brings tears stinging to my eyes more than fiction. And all those sad realities which filter through my days. They leave no lasting impression. All they serve is small reminders of my busy life. Small purposes: remember the pain of the world. Okay, alright. I remember it all. Then I go watch a movie. I listen to the classical music station in my car at five-thirty pm where they always play that same song. I watch a play, watch the performance. Watch the smoke descend upon the stage. This fiction. It’s the only thing that affects me. Funny, isn’t it?" - F.K. Preston
"Your mind is a movie, your eyes are the projector, so everything you see is coming from you — me, her, him, the train, everything, everyone. But not only are you watching this movie, so is everyone else. And to top it off, you’re starring in it and so is everyone else." - L.A. Golding
"Life is like a box of Chocolate you never know what you are gonna get." - Forrest Gump
"My Life is a series of movie scenes. Therefore, I am writing everyday. -" - Niedria Dionne Kenny
"It will be like an old abandoned shell. There is nothing sad about old shells." - Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
"There's no good reason why I shouldn't kiss you right now." - Giovannie de Sadeleer
"Everybody’s life can be a movie but most of such movies will be boring!" - Mehmet Murat ildan
"Sex and the City 2 makes Phyllis Schlafly look like Andrea Dworkin. Or that super-masculine version of Cynthia Nixon that Cynthia Nixon dates. Or, like, Ralph Nader (wait, bad example—Schlafly totally does look like Ralph Nader in a granny wig). SATC2 takes everything that I hold dear as a woman and as a human—working hard, contributing to society, not being an entitled cunt like it's my job—and rapes it to death with a stiletto that costs more than my car. It is 146 minutes long, which means that I entered the theater in the bloom of youth and emerged with a family of field mice living in my long, white mustache." - Lindy West
"The cellphone barometer is my method of judging audience engagement with a movie in a cinema. The number and frequency of phones lighting up the dark auditorium (or lack of them) tells you if the film is working or not." - Stewart Stafford
"Our Bollywood recently released a movie 'Zero' and it tells you that it certainly can make your life better (heaven) if you find the 'One" - Bhavik Sarkhedi
"I'm not picky. As long as she's smart and pretty, sweet and gentle and tender and refined and lovely and carefree." - Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid
"King Kong is many things, but at the bottom it’s a lament for the end of the Age of Exploration. The westerners couldn’t be made until the closing of the West. And King Kong couldn’t be made until technology had domesticated nature. We scour the globe but only find ourselves, and like Alexander the Great, we despair. There are no new lands for us to conquer." - A.D. Jameson
"Only watches the movie those who pay for the ticket. Never remain in struggling with negative emotions that no one knows, except you." - Alan Maiccon
"Some people are eaters and some people are dinner." - J. Costa
"Developing the treatment for High Altitude Observatory Disease (HAOD) was reminiscent of the movie Lorenzo’s Oil, as the doctors failed me and I had to find the treatments myself." - Steven Magee
"You honor me by bringing Death to my front door." - Darek Kolstad, Shay Hatten. Chris Collins, Marc Abrams
"The two fathers present structurally the choice between two corporations, two modes of accumulation, two styles of financial masculinity. The Old Conservatism and the New Conservatism, the old patriarchy and the new patriarchy, the industrial monopoly capital of airlines and the monopoly financial capital of a corporate raider. Perhaps the film's most radical critique and uncertainty is that both paternal men are respectively ill. Gekko has the high blood pressure thats befits financial accumulation: It is able to be continually monitored, the sphygmomanomater is an instrument for the continuous conveying of exact information, diastolic and systolic ratios rise and fall in different social contexts. Bud's father is made sick by an old-fashioned, industrial heart attack - his illness is a consequence of the steady accumulation of arterial plaque." - Leigh Claire La Berge
"I advise people, even healthy ones, to avoid flying, as I consider the high radiation environment of hundreds of wireless streaming movie devices to be hazardous to long term human health." - Steven Magee
"Were the moon landings filmed in a secret Hollywood movie studio? Given the extensive lies that the government engages in with the general public, anything is possible." - Steven Magee
"Bernie Sanders is the Michael Moore of USA politics." - Steven Magee
"Fail soon so that you can succeed sooner." - Amit Kalantri
"Networking isn't how many people you know, it's how many people know you." - Amit Kalantri
"Today it is cheaper to start a business than tomorrow." - Amit Kalantri
"When people see things that are strange & creative & they're like "the creator must have been on drugs!" it's like "no. you are just boring" - Kevin Panetta
"If the farmer is rich, then so is the nation." - Amit Kalantri
"Make films that purify the soul with the flow of rational, vigorous and compassionate thinking." - Abhijit Naskar
"Use filmmaking for a greater purpose, than to just entertain some drowsy minds. Wake the whole world up with your movies. It has been sleeping for long. Its eternal sleep has become its darkest nemesis. Now is the time to wake it up." - Abhijit Naskar
"My Precioussss!" - J.R.R. Tolkien
"An entrepreneur with strong network makes money even when he is asleep." - Amit Kalantri
"From that moment on," - Glen Weldon
"Give people films, they will forget after a few weeks, but give people ideas, they will assimilate them into their consciousness." - Abhijit Naskar
"Be patient, is very good advice, but the waiting makes me curious." - Oliver Wallace & Paul J. Smith
"Filmmaking has the power to fortify the feeble, unify the divided, raise the abandoned and inspire the ignorant." - Abhijit Naskar
"Make movies my friend – make nice, inspiring and bold movies that will penetrate the darkest corners of the human mind and illuminate the soul." - Abhijit Naskar
"Use filmmaking to eliminate racism – use to it terminate misogyny – use it to destroy homophobia and all other primitiveness." - Abhijit Naskar
"Take the clapper and become the alarm that the world so desperately needs." - Abhijit Naskar
"Whatever genre you deem suitable for your taste – romance, comedy, action, mystery, sci-fi or anything else, make sure it has the plain everyday human kindness." - Abhijit Naskar
"To a farmer dirt is not a waste, it is wealth." - Amit Kalantri
"But this is the ultimate contradiction of cinema. It's a medium BORN of technology, AFRAID of technology and evolving towards the future BECAUSE OF technology." - Edward Ross
"Their color slowly faded from out of the flowers; but their scent lingered to honey the air he breathed." - EM Forster
"So there was no explicit bonding. Certainly not the kind you might be expecting if you like films like" - Olivia Sudjic
"The art of filmmaking is the most influential form of art that has ever existed throughout the history of human artistic endeavors." - Abhijit Naskar
"A movie is not a movie, it is a potential nuclear furnace of inspiration, courage and conscience." - Abhijit Naskar
"But I was also told to hold doors for women and children, to shake hands with a firm grip, to remember people's names, and to always give the customer a little more than expected." - Nicholas Sparks
"El éxito no es fama, dinero o poder. El éxito es despertar cada mañana tan emocionado por lo que tienes que hacer que sales volando por la ventana, es estar con los que quieres, es conectarse con le mundo y que los demás lo sientan, es dormirte cada noche sabiendo que hiciste lo mejor que pudiste. El éxito es dicha, libertad, amistad y sobre todo amor." - Fame Movie
"Just because you act a little guilty doesn't mean you're innocent." - Charlie Chan
"The sight of a palm tree silhouetted against the sky made even his life feel like a movie" - Alexandria Marzano-Lesnevich
"El arte malo es más trágicamente hermoso que el buen arte porque documenta el fracaso humano." - Tristán Rêveur
"Often, it's not so much the movie but the movie experience that really matters." - Hrishikesh Agnihotri
"It is so much like a movie, Irina can't stand it." - J. Robert Lennon
"Anger gets you into trouble, ego keeps you in trouble." - Amit Kalantri
"Seeing the mud around a lotus is pessimism, seeing a lotus in the mud is optimism." - Amit Kalantri
"Arrogant men with knowledge make more noise from their mouth than making a sense from their mind." - Amit Kalantri
"Respect cannot be inherited, respect is the result of right actions." - Amit Kalantri
"Parents expect only two things from their children, obedience in their childhood and respect in their adulthood." - Amit Kalantri
"When you marooned me on that God forsaken spit of land, you forgot one very important thing mate. I'm Captain Jack Sparrow." - Ted Elliott & Terry Rossio
"It is only with the heart that one can see, hear and feel clearly. Think of an image, music or movie that moves you. Things that we truly love touch our heart before our head analyzes them away. Once we think we understand them, they disappear... It is because simple things in life are invisible, inaudible and insensible to an analytical mind and an undiscerning heart. Let your heart hear the music -- be moved by images, people and places... for that makes you more alive than others." - Val Uchendu
"Life is like that...sometimes you have to peel off the bitterness in order to get to the part that is sweet." - Ken Poirot
"Cowards say it can't be done, critics say it shouldn't have been done, creator say well done." - Amit Kalantri
"During a conversation, listening is as powerful as loving." - Amit Kalantri
"What luck has gave you will probably leave you." - Amit Kalantri
"With discipline, you can lose weight, you can excel in work, you can win the war." - Amit Kalantri
"When you were making excuses someone else was making enterprise." - Amit Kalantri
"Creativity without discipline will struggle, creativity with discipline will succeed." - Amit Kalantri
"A Film has the potential to kindle such a spark of inspiration in an individual that it can alter the course of human progress." - Abhijit Naskar
"Entertain, but also, give the viewer something to think about." - Abhijit Naskar
"Making a product is just an activity, making a profit on a product is the achievement." - Amit Kalantri
"State first, subject second, statesman last." - Amit Kalantri
"No tricks, no tools, but talent makes a task truly top class." - Amit Kalantri
"Some people take pretty pictures of nothing." - Jonathan Heatt
"In a movie version of this scene the driver wheels his glance abruptly to the window where a misshapen man stands watching it all unfold, and fixes me with a threatening look. That didn't happen." - John Darnielle
"Only through pain you achieve your greatness!" - STAR WARS
"The good thing of TV movies/books... TV series... audiobooks is that you can choose the genre and you have plenty of choice." - Deyth Banger
"Each movie have a sin.... CinameSins are here to show you the whole truth." - Deyth Banger
"Well,' he said, 'we think you probably do.' When I imagine this scene as part of a movie, the minute of silence after my father says this is extended for an hour or so, and then the credits roll." - John Darnielle
"It is only with the heart that one can see, hear and feel clearly. Think of an image, music or movie that moves you. Things that we truly love touches our heart before our head analyzes them away. Once we think we understand them, they disappear... It is because simple things in life are invisible, inaudible and insensible to an analytical mind and an undiscerning heart. Let your heart hear the music -- be moved by images, people and places... for that makes you more alive than others." - Val Uchendu
"It is only with the heart that one can see, hear and feel clearly. Think of an image, music or movie that moves you. Things that we truly love touch our heart before our head analyze them away. Once we think we understand them, they disappear... It is because simple things in life are invisible, inaudible and insensible to an analytical mind and an undiscerning heart. Let your heart hear the music -- be moved by images, people and places... for that makes you more alive than others." - Val Uchendu
"In 1949-1950, a movie based on a true story was made “Wer fuhr den grauen Ford?” “Who drove the gray Ford” with Otto Wernicke playing the part of Criminal Commissioner Thieme. In the plot, a robbery of 240,000 Marks is perfectly planned and carried out with the help of a stolen gray Ford. Police Commissioner Thieme and his assistant, search for the loot in the dark without success. Then one of the robbers in a moment of conscience commits a fatal mistake by sending his share of the loot to the police. This mailing provides Commissioner Thieme with enough clues to capture the robbers." - Captain Hank Bracker, "Suppresed I Rise"
"Healthy entertainment does not evoke raw emotions in the mind of a viewer only to make them wreak havoc, rather it guides those emotions in a healthy direction." - Abhijit Naskar
"Healthy entertainment is a beautiful blend of stimuli that can connect with the viewer at a sentimental level, then sow the seeds of a certain idea or feed the mind with inspiration and courage. In short, healthy entertainment does not evoke raw emotions in the mind of a viewer only to make them wreak havoc, rather it guides those emotions in a healthy direction. This leads to not only an entertained viewer, but also an inspired soul. And that should be the purpose of film-making, and indeed the entire entertainment industry, rather than feeding the general population with garbage." - Abhijit Naskar
"Some of us can live without a society but not without a family." - Amit Kalantri
"Music is the fastest motivator in the world." - Amit Kalantri
"With right fashion, every female would be a flame." - Amit Kalantri
"He who sacrifices his respect for love basically burns his body to obtain the light." - Amit Kalantri
"It's time to shop high heels if your fiance kisses you on the forehead." - Amit Kalantri
"Any girl with a grin never looks grim." - Amit Kalantri
"A true professional not only follows but loves the processes, policies and principles set by his profession." - Amit Kalantri
"In a democracy, there will be more complaints but less crisis, in a dictatorship more silence but much more suffering." - Amit Kalantri
"Good becomes better by playing against better, but better doesn't become the best by playing against good." - Amit Kalantri
"Fashion doesn't make you perfect, but it makes you pretty." - Amit Kalantri
"In united families, they might sleep with half filled stomach but no one sleeps with empty stomach." - Amit Kalantri
"A professional who doesn't deliver as committed is not just lazy, he is a liar." - Amit Kalantri
"Power does not pardon, power punishes." - Amit Kalantri
"Texting is not talking and a phone is not a friend." - Amit Kalantri
"Let someone else be the most powerful country, make ours the most peaceful country." - Amit Kalantri
"A good swordsman is more important than a good sword." - Amit Kalantri
"Hands can cook, hands can create, hands can kill. There is no better tool than our hands." - Amit Kalantri
"What movie are you guys gonna see anyway?" - Jennifer L. Armentrout
"It is the sweat of the servants that make their squire look smart." - Amit Kalantri
"In any game, the game itself is the prize, no matter who wins, ultimately both lose the game." - Amit Kalantri
"Dresses won't worn out in the wardrobe, but that is not what dresses are designed for." - Amit Kalantri
"Dresses don't look beautiful on hangers." - Amit Kalantri
"An invention is a responsibility of the individual, society cannot invent, it can only applaud the invention and inventor." - Amit Kalantri
"You can take the Indian out of the family, but you cannot take the family out of the Indian." - Amit Kalantri
"In a democracy government is the God." - Amit Kalantri
"If your prudence stops you every time from taking an action, then you are no more prudent, you are frightened." - Amit Kalantri
"A poor, who hates power, once become powerful, hates poor." - Amit Kalantri
"The purpose of a profession is to fulfil the personal wishes of a prospect." - Amit Kalantri
"The camera's greedy lens sucks my image through it and splashes my pixilated ghost across his face in pale blue light." - Tyler Knight
"You try, you fail, you try, you fail; the only true failure is when you stop trying." - Madame Leota
"Hunger gives flavour to the food." - Amit Kalantri
"During your struggle society is not a bunch of flowers, it is a bunch of cactus." - Amit Kalantri
"Some people when they see cheese, chocolate or cake they don't think of calories." - Amit Kalantri
"If she says goodbye, someone else will say hi." - Amit Kalantri
"In modern times couples are more concerned about loyalty than love." - Amit Kalantri
"The smell of the sweat is not sweet, but the fruit of the sweat is very sweet." - Amit Kalantri
"The wrong man is not always wrong because of his wrong actions, often he is wrong because of no actions." - Amit Kalantri
"In the business people with expertise, experience and evidence will make more profitable decisions than people with instinct, intuition and imagination." - Amit Kalantri
"Passion makes you good, but pride stops you to get better." - Amit Kalantri
"The mistakes of the world are warning message for you." - Amit Kalantri
"Routine ruins the life, variety vitalise the life." - Amit Kalantri
"Before we complicated life with money, machines and missiles we did well with morals, manpower and meetings." - Amit Kalantri
"In general, poor is polite and rich is rude." - Amit Kalantri
"Brilliance of the brain must be admired more than beauty of the body." - Amit Kalantri
"Civilians enjoy their time because soldiers sacrifice their time." - Amit Kalantri
"If where you are is worthwhile then where you are from doesn't matter." - Amit Kalantri
"A powerful process automatically takes care of progress, productivity and profits." - Amit Kalantri
"Don't mention your move before you make a move." - Amit Kalantri
"Don't compare the size of your roof with the size of the sky." - Amit Kalantri
"An assembly is extra slow in taking actions." - Amit Kalantri
"Most of the people readily accept the principle but resist its practice." - Amit Kalantri
"Prudence is precaution, prudence is protection." - Amit Kalantri
"You cannot choose your face but you can choose your dress." - Amit Kalantri
"An old fashioned outfit is not a costume, it's a comedy." - Amit Kalantri
"Simplicity saves strength." - Amit Kalantri
"Action achieves ambition." - Amit Kalantri
"Rich can live better than poor but they cannot live without poor." - Amit Kalantri
"For few matters you need to be solo, for some matters you need soul mate and for many matters you need society," - Amit Kalantri
"Anything which you have in profusion is poison" - Amit Kalantri
"Fear of failure is fiction, face this fact and fear will fall." - Amit Kalantri
"It's like I'm reading a book, and" - Spike Jonze, her
"The truth is a matter of circumstance. It's not all things to all people all the time. And neither am I." - Natasha Romanoff
"Even the world’s greatest actor cannot fake an erection." - Mokokoma Mokhonoana
"You either die a hero or you live long enough to see yourself become the villain." - Christopher J. Nolan
"A slip of the foot may injure your body, but a slip of the tongue will injure your bond." - Amit Kalantri
"Before you worry about the beauty of your body, worry about the health of your body." - Amit Kalantri
"She's got gaps, I've got gaps, together we fill gaps." - Sylvester Stallone as Rocky
"You can not control the thought, but you can control the tongue." - Amit Kalantri
"Faster is fatal, slower is safe." - Amit Kalantri
"Sacrifice of the self is sheer stupidity if sacrifice is not for the self." - Amit Kalantri
"They say that dreams are only real as long as they last. Couldn't you say the same thing about life?" - Richard Linklater, Waking Life
"Seed becomes tree, son becomes stranger." - Amit Kalantri
"My spouse is my shield, my spouse is my strength." - Amit Kalantri
"Education makes your maths better, not necessarily your manners." - Amit Kalantri
"Don't always use prudence for precaution, sometimes use it for progress." - Amit Kalantri
"Uniform of a soldier and uniform of a student both are equally needed for the nation." - Amit Kalantri
"One who doesn't recognise an opportunity is bigger loser than one who tries his hand at an opportunity." - Amit Kalantri
"In the beginning of a movie, they don't tell you what's going to happen. You just have to wait and go on the adventure with them" - Katie Douglas
"The Trust movie it has shown how one picture could be twisted and even how the cops are dirty!" - Deyth Banger
"Something good happens to you, and you let off a different energy that attracts other good things." - Candace Bushnell
"When wealth goes only happiness goes, when health goes even the hope goes." - Amit Kalantri
"History is the collective consciousness of the then intellectuals and simply facts that show some numbers and events." - Sunny Menon
"For the first time in years Ashley found herself feeling truly alone. Despite being surrounded by people most of every day, she was unable to connect to them in a way she considered meaningful, and found herself passing through their lives - and her own - in a state of total isolation." - Alex Ross Perry
"Limitless is a powerful and incrediable movie. Everyone should check it out!" - Deyth Banger
"Nine Deads - powerful movie everyone should check it out." - Deyth Banger
"People are always telling women to lose weight, and then when they do, other women attack them for it." - Candace Bushnell
"That’s got to be a ten blowjob movie, at least." - K.C. Burn
"Principles in a poor is admirable as politeness in a prince." - Amit Kalantri
"The world is administered by rich but it is constructed by poor." - Amit Kalantri
"Words are better than weapons, wisdom is better than war." - Amit Kalantri
"I'm a damsel, I'm in distress, I can handle this. Have a nice day!" - Walt Disney Company
"Will Turner: This is either madness... or brilliance." - Captain Jack Sparrow
"Forth, and fear no darkness! Arise! Arise, Riders of Theoden! Spears shall be shaken,swords shall be splintered! A sword day...a red day...ere the sun rises! Ride now!...Ride now!...Ride! Ride to ruin and the world's ending! Death! "Death!" Death! "Death!" DEATH! "Death!" Forth, Eorlingas!!" - J.R.R. Tolkien
"Will Turner: That's not true. I am not obsessed with treasure." - Captain Jack Sparrow
"Lord Cutler Beckett: [Jack is about to light a cannon that's pointed at the mast] You're mad." - Captain Jack Sparrow
"That's what we storytellers do. We restore order with imagination. We instill hope again and again and again." - Kelly Marcel & Sue Smith
"Jack Sparrow: Take what ye can!" - Captain Jack Sparrow
"Once more into the fray..." - The Grey
"You're off the edge of the map, mate. Here there be monsters." - Hector Barbossa
"Mr. Gibbs: Curse you for breathin' ya slack-jawed idiot. Mother's love. Jack. You should know better than to wake a man when he's sleepin'. Its bad luck." - Captain Jack Sparrow
"It is the very people who no one imagines anything of, who do the things that no one can imagine" - Imitation Game
"You're Subject A-two," Newt answered. Then he lowered his eyes" - James Dashner
"You best start believing in ghost stories, Miss Turner... you're in one!" - Hector Barbossa
"Some stories, some visions, demand celluloid film and what it can deliver." - Kodak Eastman
"It's a pity Bilbo didn't kill Gollum when he had the chance." - J.R.R. Tolkien
"When in doubt, watch Die Hard." - Larry Gent
"Bitsey, we spend our whole lives trying to stop death; eating, inventing, loving, praying, fighting, killing. But what do we really know about death?" - The Life of David Gale
"It was our first date and I asked what his favorite movie is. He asked if I’d judge him, but instead of judging him I just loved him." - Dominic Riccitello
"A movie is a one-night stand; a novel is a commitment." - Noah Letner
"I always thought that we would be that couple in the movies but not all movies have a happy ending" - Anonymous
"The people who touch your heart are always with you." - Sabrina Goes to Rome
"Every end of the day is a great movie and the Sun above is surely the leading actor in this film!" - Mehmet Murat ildan
"Y finalmente, ésta pregunta. El misterio de quién protagoniza ésta historia, de quién baja el telón. ¿Quién es el que elige nuestros pasos de baile? ¿Quién nos vuelve locos, nos azota con látigos y nos corona cuando sobrevivimos a los imposible? ¿Quién es el que hace todas estas cosas? ¿Quién honra a los que amamos con la vida que vivimos? ¿Quién envia monstruos a matarnos y al mismo tiempo canta que nunca moriremos? ¿Quién nos enseña que es real y cómo reír frente a las mentiras? ¿Quien decide por qué vivimos y por qué daríamos la vida? ¿Quien nos encadena? ¿Y quién tiene la llave que puede liberarnos? TÚ. Tienes todas las armas que necesitas. ¡Ahora pelea!" - Sucker Punch movie
"In the Awakenings movie I found it very interesting that the most profound awakenings in the catatonic patients occurred in 1969, the year that the Aurora Borealis was seen from N.Y. to Louisiana. It seems the patients were getting environmental radiation stimulation in addition to their L-Dopa drug that year. L-Dopa plus radiation therapy may eventually be proven to be a very potent brain stimulant." - Steven Magee
"The citizens of the land, the peoples of the nation must be made strong in their convictions of these values. These values and virtues must become the wealth of the people, they must become their pride. They must be reflected in their lifestyle, in their film and movie industries. This value system must be ingrained in their educational system. They must be proclaimed in their pulpits. Homes and families must be built on the wealth of these virtues." - Sunday Adelaja
"I clap so that I can hold on to this feeling. I clap because I know what will happen when I stop. It’s the same thing that happens when I turn off a really good movie - one that I’ve lost myself to - which is that I’ll be thrown back to my own reality and something hollow will settle in my chest." - Gayle Forman
"Her long beautiful red hair wasn’t what got me to stare. It was her beautiful heart that I heard beating when I thought no one was there. Her hugs wasn’t what got me to stay, it was the thought of me being alone again and I was afraid. She completes me more than she knows. I admire her more than I show, they say true love is hard to find but, I don’t believe that because once I saw her in my dreams, I knew she was mines. I’ve waited for this day for so long and she never knew it, I plan to give her the world. Lord please don’t let me blow it." - *N.I.*
"The food court sat right next to the movie theater. I needed something to drink. But like an idiot, I’d brought no money, not even my purse. Luke insisted that I leave it at home. Blah, blah, blah … our first night to the movies together … blah, blah, blah … he would pay for everything … blah, blah, blah … he took me to see the worst movie ever …" - Katie McGarry
"All the promise of a movie is in the trailer." - A.D. Posey
"A good preview makes you can’t wait to see the whole movie." - A.D. Posey
"The past is just a story we tell ourselves." - Spike Jonze
"Perhaps the only difference between me and other people is that I’ve always demanded more from the sunset. More spectacular colors when the sun hit the horizon. That’s perhaps my only sin." - Lars Von Trier
"Have you ever danced with the Devil in the pale moonlight?" - Joker
"It doesn't do any good to say, 'This is what it means.' When you are spoon fed a film, people instantly know what it is. I like films that leave room to dream." - David Lynch
"It can never, ever, ever get weird enough for me." - James Spader
"Audience can live without a movie but a movie cannot live without an audience." - Amit Kalantri
"Solara: You know, you say you've been walking for thirty years, right?" - Book of Eli Movie
"What we do in life, echoes in eternity." - Maximus Decimus Meridius
"The problem is we are not eating food anymore, we are eating food like products. (Hungry For Change Film)" - Alejandro Junger
"Most people live life on the path we set for them. Too afraid to explore any other. But once in a while people like you come along and knock down all the obstacles we put in your way. People who realize free will is a gift, you'll never know how to use until you fight for it." - the adjustment bureau
"We didn't come to the world just to entertain, we came to play remarkable roles, and our reward is to see you doing more than us." - Michael Bassey Johnson
"Just keep Swimming!" - Ellen DeGeneres Finding Nemo Dory
"Eli: I walk by faith, not by sight." - Book of Eli Movie
"Eli: Dear Lord, thank you for giving me the strength and the conviction to complete the task you entrusted to me. Thank you for guiding me straight and true through the many obstacles in my path. And for keeping me resolute when all around seemed lost. Thank you for your protection and your many signs along the way. Thank you for any good that I may have done, I'm so sorry about the bad. Thank you for the friend I made. Please watch over her as you watched over me. Thank you for finally allowing me to rest. I'm so very tired, but I go now to my rest at peace. Knowing that I have done right with my time on this earth. I fought the good fight, I finished the race, I kept the faith." - Book of Eli Movie
"Solara: I didn't think you'd ever give up the book, I thought it was too important to you" - Book of Eli Movie
"Jaws 4 is so bad it makes Jaws 3 look like Jaws 2." - Neil Perryman
"If poor doomed Olly’s a Radio 4 play, what am I?”" - David Mitchell
"An actor is just a part of a movie, but director - he is the movie." - Amit Kalantri
"Eli: People had more than they needed. We had no idea what was precious and what wasn't. We threw away things people kill each other for now." - Book of Eli Movie
"Pages entertain me more than pictures do." - Amit Kalantri
"If my 'mind' don't mind, I don't mind." - Amit Kalantri
"ARE YOU A MOVIE STAR?" - Kamil Ali
"Life is a movie. You are the director in it. The choices you make, are the things that you will see. After you make a choice, there will be no going back, only simple things that will erase it." - Victoriya Anissimova
"THE ACCURSED SHIP didn’t sink for a full three hours. By the time it did, I was feeling so traumatized that even watching Dogface die offered little consolation. The dialogue, the acting, the vast emptiness of the whole endeavor! Was that what passed for cinema these days? I felt like I had been violated; violated by a team of accountants. Laura, prostrated by grief, lay weeping on my lap. Frank stared stolidly at the credits, over which, as a coup de grâce, a cat or cats were being strangled to the effect that “My Heart Will Go On,” which at this moment in time was not a sentiment I could endorse." - Paul Murray
"If you are present, then you can see that you give yourself presents in each moment that you can unwrap and thoroughly enjoy - the amazing world around us that we can explore, each incredible detail, the lives, and the stories we tell ourselves or experience so that we can feel what it's like to be human, the things we can learn from an interaction, about ourselves as well as everything and everyone else." - Jay Woodman
"Should I slap a cowboy hat on you and call you Sissy?" - Roni Loren
"Theory is like a book." - Tim Goossens
"Yeah, a truly wonderful movie. I could feel my IQ plummeting with every passing minute of this great movie… It’s almost amazing how they actually managed to screw up a movie with a script as simple and generic as this one. In short, it’s a complete piece of crap." - 東山翔
"if you kill all of my demons, my angels might die too" - transsiberian
"Look, sometimes it’s OK with girls like this, they wanna have fun, and sometimes it’s not because they've got a broken wing and they’re hurt and they’re an easy target. In this case, this particular case, I think that wing is being fixed, my friend, and you gotta make sure that it’s mended and you’re getting in the way of that right now, okay, because she’s sensitive and she’s smart, she’s artistic. This is a great girl, you gotta be respectful to that. Come on, let me walk you to your car, you’re a better guy than this." - Matthew Quick
"Never judge a book by its movie." - J.W. Eagan
"You can not go back. That's why it's hard to choose. You have to make the right choice. As long, as you don't choose, everything remains possible." - Jaco Van Dormael
"There’s always something authentic concealed in every forgery" - The best offer
"When you write a movie, you have a hundred collaborators. But when you write a novel, it's yours." - Sidney Sheldon
"[When asked about his thoughts on gods]" - Eddie Vedder
"Father Brendan Flynn: "A woman was gossiping with her friend about a man whom they hardly knew - I know none of you have ever done this. That night, she had a dream: a great hand appeared over her and pointed down on her. She was immediately seized with an overwhelming sense of guilt. The next day she went to confession. She got the old parish priest, Father O' Rourke, and she told him the whole thing. 'Is gossiping a sin?' she asked the old man. 'Was that God All Mighty's hand pointing down at me? Should I ask for your absolution? Father, have I done something wrong?' 'Yes,' Father O' Rourke answered her. 'Yes, you ignorant, badly-brought-up female. You have blamed false witness on your neighbor. You played fast and loose with his reputation, and you should be heartily ashamed.' So, the woman said she was sorry, and asked for forgiveness. 'Not so fast,' says O' Rourke. 'I want you to go home, take a pillow upon your roof, cut it open with a knife, and return here to me.' So, the woman went home: took a pillow off her bed, a knife from the drawer, went up the fire escape to her roof, and stabbed the pillow. Then she went back to the old parish priest as instructed. 'Did you gut the pillow with a knife?' he says. 'Yes, Father.' 'And what were the results?' 'Feathers,' she said. 'Feathers?' he repeated. 'Feathers; everywhere, Father.' 'Now I want you to go back and gather up every last feather that flew out onto the wind,' 'Well,' she said, 'it can't be done. I don't know where they went. The wind took them all over.' 'And that,' said Father O' Rourke, 'is gossip!" - John Patrick Shanley
"Billy Whistler: Emotions are like work of art. They can be forged they seem just like the original but they are forgery." - The best offer
"They're sending us fake notes. They're threatening our lives. Now, supposedly the of us, as Disney Hosts, represent some serious financials for the company. Why else would they install us on your ship? Give us a free cruise? We make them money: as guides, with merchandise, video games, books."" - Ridley Pearson
"People never forget two things, their first love and the money they wasted watching a bad movie." - Amit Kalantri
"Time passed at an accelerated pace. They could be sitting in traffic or talking on the phone or waiting in line for a movie, and their time felt precious, important, worthwhile." - Galt Niederhoffer
"Nowadays when a person lives somewhere, in a neighborhood, the place is not certified for him. More than likely he will live there sadly and the emptiness which is inside him will expand until it evacuates the entire neighborhood. But if he sees a movie which shows his very neighborhood, it becomes possible for him to live, for a time at least, as a person who is Somewhere and not Anywhere." - Walker Percy
"What are we watching?" [...]" - Nalini Singh
"Life is better than any movie or TV show. In real life there is no plot and there are billions of characters." - Marc Pamittan
"Film analysis enables us to recognize how the filmmakers have their magic on us, how all the constituent elements of the film have combined to create that magic. Rather than rob us of the pleasures of watching films, this approach affords us the even greater pleasure of deep engagement" - Jon Lewis
"Just as sometimes I wondered if Grandpa had ever existed, sometimes I wondered if I truly existed myself. As I was running, I could see myself from outside myself: a skinny girl with the flapping shorts and too- big a T-shirt, always watching the other girls at school, a girl in a pink bedroom sitting with a book propped on her knees, the words she was reading entering her mind, some sticking like gluey never to be forgotten, others disappearing instantly, I could remember everything and remember nothing. I would watch a movie and recall every scene as if I had written the script, then watch another movie another day and be unable to recall it at all." - Alice Jamieson
"Womens Heart Is The Ocean Of Secrets.." - Titanic
"What do we do know?(Peeta)" - Suzanne Collins Hunger Games Movie
"I'd stopped breathing and everything about that moment was like stumbling into a 3-D movie after living a 2-D life." - Karen Tayleur
"Stahl trailed him upstairs, across a mezzanine, and out into the darkness of the sloping balcony. Tom gave the aisle his torch so his guest could see. On the screen below a woman's head was wavering, two or three times larger than life. A metallic voice clanged out, echoing sepulchrally all over the house, like a modern Delphic Oracle. 'Go back, go back!' she said. 'This is no place for you!'" - Cornell Woolrich
"I thought I understood it, that I could grasp it, but I didn't, not really. Only the smudgeness of it; the pink-slippered, all-containered, semi-precious eagerness of it. I didn't realize it would sometimes be more than whole, that the wholeness was a rather luxurious idea. Because it's the halves that halve you in half. I didn't know, don't know, about the in-between bits; the gory bits of you, and the gory bits of me." - Anna Maria Gardner
"Kylee laughed. "Nothing with you is normal. But speaking of abnormal, I saw this movie where these two girls liked the same boy, and one girl was a werewolf, and the other was a dragon, although she didn't know it yet, and it turned out the boy was a killer of, like, magical creatures, so both girls died and he took the head cheerleader to prom."" - Lindsey Leavitt
"It was the kind of scream that would be in a horror movie right before someone got chopped up into little bitty pieces." - Missy Lyons
"Sometimes, even spies don’t make the right decisions. Sometimes we get confused. And this isn’t a movie,” I added, “so there’s no guarantee that the good side will win. Do you understand?" - Maya Bode
"We create our own enemies" - iron man 3
<<<<<<< HEAD
"In person, if possible, Anubis was even more drop-dead gorgeous. [Oh . . . ha, ha. I didn't catch the pun, but thank you, Carter. God of the dead, drop-dead gorgeous. Yes, hilarious. Now, may I continue?]" - Rick Riordan
"We’ve arrived,” Leo announced. “Time to Split." - Rick Riordan
"I was supposed to watch you, yeah. They thought it was weird that Atherton would send his own kid to Hecate, so we wanted to keep an eye on you. No pun intended.” (Archer)" - Rachel Hawkins
"A pun is the lowest form of humor—when you don't think of it first." - Oscar Levant
"So the Casnoffs are at Hex Hall. Probably with however many demons they've managed to create. What are they doing there? Throwing a hellacious slumber party?" - Rachel Hawkins
"It is still cheating, even if nobody comes." - Mokokoma Mokhonoana
"Safari, so goody." - Winston S. Churchill
"But things were different now. I finally had my head -pun intended- on straight." - Meg Cabot
"Of course they had more chains on him than Scrooge saw on Marley's ghost, but he could have kicked up dickens if he'd wanted. That's a pun, son." - Stephen King
"The room was rococo. I had a strong sense of gilt." - Eric Idle
"See you when tea is hot." - Robert Anton Wilson
"Syntactic sugar causes cancer of the semicolon." - Alan J. Perlis
"Three,' reckoned the captain, 'ourselves make seven, counting Hawkins, here. Now, about honest hands?'" - Robert Louis Stevenson
"A pun is its own reword." - Valerie Estelle Frankel
"I think; therefore, I am above average." - Michael Walton
"If a UFO did land, and invite me onboard, I'd love to have the balls to go in. So, I search the skies for extra testicles." - Kelli Jae Baeli
"Brody's not gay. But then he kisses a boy. So he might be gay? No, Brody's not gay. But he loves this boy. So after much delaying, debating, and waiting, the answer comes clear...nothing is ever perfectly straight. It's slash." - Dart Gray
"Life isn't a fairy tale. If you lose a shoe at midnight, you're drunk." - Darynda Jones
"She challenged me for a game of Scrabble. I did not refuse. How could I? It was like she was telling me – I want to have a word with you." - Dhaval Rathod
"W. Somerset Maugham once said there were three rules for writing a novel and that no one knew what they were. I do:" - Stewart Stafford
"You came to my room in the middle of the night to show me your swords? And they say romance is dead." - Nenia Campbell
"Anyway, I’m a bit worried about the screw. It was invented to move water along, not move along on water.’" - Terry Pratchett
"Hindsight is always 20-20." - Unknown, The Canberra Times (1986)
"Na ja, bei ihm heißt Chard 'Phallus Impudicus', und ..." [...]" - Robert Galbraith
"Vico is Joycean in that he is always forcing the reader to comprehend the double meaning or double truth of the words upon which he structures the new science. Joyce does this through puns. Vico does it through ambiguity. Ambiguity is a form of fallacy in ordinary logic, a specific instance of which is equivocation, or using a word in two senses. No argument is valid that changes the meaning of its terms in its course. In the doctrine of the syllogism this is known as the fallacy of four terms. But ambiguity is the key to poetical meaning and to much of oration. The orator will play on the various meanings of words to draw forth for his hearers a central point." - Donald Phillip Verene
"I never gave up my career as a ballerina. I may have not always been on point, but I still do have a pointe here!!" - Ana Claudia Antunes
"Whenever someone throws a tantrum I usually duck. Other times I goose. But I never quail or chicken out." - Omar Cherif
"Star Wars was released in the UK in December 1977 and it's fair to say, like the peaceful planet of Alderaan, I was totally blown away." - Simon Pegg
"Sitting comfortably on an old vehicle uniframe in scuffed up boots and a long hoodie so holey it should take up religion." - Jordan Kurella
"What did the weevils say?" - Michael Bassey Johnson
"When we were little," the Mock Turtle went on at last, more calmly, though still sobbing a little now and then, "we went to school in the sea. The master was an old Turtle - we used to call him Tortoise -"" - Lewis Carroll
"Why did the scarecrow win the Nobel Prize?"" - Jennifer E. Smith
"Didn’t want to overload you" - Victoria Aveyard
"Loki, who put the con in conniving." - Rick Riordan
"There's no police like Holmes." - Doil
"Denial isn't just a river in Egypt." - C.L. Parker
"Life imitates art and art imitates life until both imitate imitation - Reality TV." - Brian Spellman
"The glass is three fifths full of gas." - Brian Spellman
"Going to the gym at this odd hour didn't 'work out' for me." - Abheek Kakkar
"I used to pursue the need for excitement and creativity excessively by sleeping around, drinking alcohol, smoking tobacco and occasionally using drugs. I was in a rock and roll band and I thought I was a real bad boy. I even have the tattoos to prove it. After I told Yogi Hari my story at his ashram, he joked around when he was introducing me and said: He used to be Bad-John, but now he is Good-John. (It’s a pun on the pronunciation of my name Gudjon – and if you ever meet me, I’ll probably use it to get you to pronounce my name correctly)." - Gudjon Bergmann
"What happened when the Verb asked the noun to conjugate? She said "no-no!", forgot the "o" and decided to become a nun!" - Ana Claudia Antunes
"Do you know why they call this place the Rookery?" Elodin asked. I shook my head." - Patrick Rothfuss
"I know my rights."" - Scott Blagden
"Just when you see a kid selling a mascot," - Ana Claudia Antunes
"All he ever wanted was a comfortable chair and a place in history. Well, he was robbed of one and died in the other." - Neal Shusterman
"Not to pun at all would be more challenging than most people might imagine." - John Pollack
"Her brother's desk was austere, save for a small photo of Lewis and a coffee mug featuring a math geek's coy declaration of love: √-1 <3 μ." - Nova Jacobs
"So what? Who gives a shit who’s banging who?” “Whom,” Jaila said. “What?” “Who’s banging whom.” Tino tensed. “I don’t need a fucking grammar lesson." - Shaun David Hutchinson
"Most social media users sometimes like statements they do not understand." - Mokokoma Mokhonoana
"So where were we?" - D.L. Orton
"The zoo lost its elephant again. It never forgets where to go. I found it in the middle of my room." - Brian Spellman
"Loki spoke, “I agree, we do need some leadership. But you’ve had your chance, Odin. I think it’s time for fresh ideas, to get things going. Some Lokimotion, so to speak." - Dylan Callens
"What did the soup say to the tea plate?" - Ana Claudia Antunes
"People ask me where I got my x-ray powers. I inherited them from my parents in parental supervision. Erase the dots and your doubts if you think that I was 'raysed' alone." - Ana Claudia Antunes
"...you would do well to turn from Chapter XXXVI to Chapter CXXXIII without further delay, thus saving nearly a hundred chapters without anybody's knowing the difference if you keep quiet. After all, Ahab isn't the only one entitled to be a skipper." - Richard Armour
"I- I. Sorry. This is what my father would call a fucking unfortunate image." - Erin Bow
"Write on" - John Arnold
"Stop your idiocy, Sandra, please. For once in your death." - Lauren Oliver
"So one might say that music killed him, that he was felled by music. It's a theory." - Emma Richler
"Big Bertie’s sweet and tangy Hawaiian BBQ Sauce,” she said, caressing the bottle, “is guaranteed to get you lei’d" - Sheba Karim
"The doctor's wife ate two apples a day, just to be safe. But her husband kept coming home." - Joseph Gordon-Levitt
"He hit and fatally injured my innocent and unfortunate uncle whose muttered last words in hospital, before his coma became a full stop, were: 'My God, the buggers've learned to fly..." - Iain Banks
"Would I laugh?"" - Margaret Atwood
"The greatest irony is that people with Rolodexes are no longer LinkedIn. And if that pun doesn't make sense, don’t ask anyone in your Rolodex to explain it." - Ryan Lilly
"Et tout rentra dans l'ordre, pourtant déjà bien plein." - Boris Vian
"Pony eyed the pitcher of hot fudge sauce Nellie had placed on the table. “And if you pass that pitcher, I will reveal a nugget of information that will please you and instantly return me to your good goddess graces." - Jude Watson
"Thatsh prieshts for you,” said the old man wetly. “Nothing by torc, torc, torc." - Terry Pratchett
"It ain't really Czechoslovakian,' I said, coughing. 'We used to call it the Cheque. Like, you drink it up now, you pay for it later." - Esi Edugyan
"Puns are just another form of sarcasm, which may or may not make you - smile, giggle, or laugh." - Aniruddha Sastikar
"She only modelled for him once,' Max said stubbornly, leaning the canvases back against the wall and replacing the sheet." - Robert Goddard
"Information wants to eat brie." - Evgeny Morozov
"Homo Cannot Erectus" - Adham T. Fusama
"Every swamp has a silted lining." - Brian Spellman
=======
>>>>>>> aa6655ca07f4c04edde332125169a5a50a8cf13d
"Beliefs do not change facts. Facts, if one is rational, should change beliefs." - Ricky Gervais
"If you try to please everyone you'll please no one." - Ricky Gervais
"Ricky Gervais, Louis CK, Anthony Jeselnik and I have the same sense of humor. They're just better at it than I am." - Oliver Markus Malloy
"My mother says I'm crazy, I'm not crazy, I just have a different way of looking at things." - James Kidd
"What exactly does that expression mean, 'friends with benefits'? Does he provide her with health insurance?" - Chuck Lorre
"For the record, I do have genitals; and they are functional and aesthetically pleasing." - Chuck Lorre
"I am a man of science, not someone's snuggle-bunny!" - Chuck Lorre
"I won't say that all senior citizens who can't master technology should be publicly flogged, but if we made an example of one or two, it might give the others incentive to try harder." - Chuck Lorre
<<<<<<< HEAD
"Let's roll out, Batman."" - Mimi Strong
"Marilyn Monroe is pissing me off, Charlie Chaplin owes me twenty bucks, that fucker Shrek tried to fuck my girlfriend at Baskin Robbins." - David Louden
"One way or another we’re taking your bank. All you have to do is decide the level of persuasion we need to apply." - David Louden
"With great power, there must also come, great responsibility" - Stan Lee
"With great leverage comes great justice." - Matt Forbeck
"Iron Man: We have money!" - Iron Man
"How was it they had cut to Hollywood Boulevard for a fluff piece and ended up with Gangs of New-Fucking-York?! Bonnie looked to her co-Anchor. He was wearing a good mouth for cooling soup." - David Louden
"Every little prick out there wants me to lift them. I had this one kid from Oklahoma, big fat shitter he was. Legs as fat as a Downers forehead screaming Up, up, Hulk up! at me for ten minutes until I had no other choice. Fat fucker damn near put my back out and then his old man stiffs me with Canadian dollars. Canadian, can you believe that shit?!" - David Louden
"They stood either side of him like haunting little genetic bookends. The one thing he’ll leave behind, two kids who called another man for help with their homework." - David Louden
"The boulevard was awash with the curious and the shocked as wave after wave of tourist crashed into the unmoving masses of families who had just witnessed a brawl between The Incredible Hulk and SpongeBob Squarepants over territory, boundaries and the age old issue of ownership." - David Louden
"when you look in her eyes, and she looks back in yours, everything feels not quite normal, because you feel strong—and weak at the same time. You feel excited, and at the same time terrified. The truth is you don't know the way you feel, except you know the kind of man you want to be. It's as if you've reached the unreachable, and you weren't ready for it" - Peter Parcker
"Doesn't matter what the press says. Doesn't matter what the politicians or the mobs say. Doesn't matter if the whole country decides that something wrong is something right. This nation was founded on one principle above all else: the requirement that we stand up for what we believe, no matter the odds or the consequences. When the mob and the press and the whole world tell you to move, your job is to plant yourself like a tree beside the river of truth, and tell the whole world — "No, you move" - J. Michael Straczynski
"Spiderman: Hey, Ms. Marvel, watch the wings! They're sharper than they --" - Christos Gage
"Spider-Man: Gotcha! You okay kid?" - Christos Gage
=======
>>>>>>> aa6655ca07f4c04edde332125169a5a50a8cf13d
"What exactly does that expression mean, 'friends with benefits'? Does he provide her with health insurance?" - Chuck Lorre
"The laws of nature cannot be randomly reshuffled at the cusps [of an oscillating universe]. If the universe has already gone through many oscillations, many possible laws of gravity would have been so weak that, for any given initial expansion, the universe would not have held together. Once the universe stumbles upon such a gravitational law, it flies apart and has no further opportunity to experience another oscillation and another cusp and another set of laws of nature. Thus we can deduce from the fact that the universe exists either a finite age, or a severe restriction on the kinds of laws of nature permitted in each oscillation. If the laws of physics are not randomly reshuffled at the cusps, there must be a regularity, a set of rules, that determines which laws are permissible and which are not. Such a set of rules would comprise a new physics standing over the existing physics. Our language is impoverished; there seems to be no suitable name for such a new physics. Both 'paraphysics' and 'metaphysics' have been preempted by other rather different and, quite possibly, wholly irrelevant activities. Perhaps 'transphysics' would do." - Carl Sagan
"For the record, I do have genitals; and they are functional and aesthetically pleasing." - Chuck Lorre
"I am a man of science, not someone's snuggle-bunny!" - Chuck Lorre
"time is happening all at once" - e.webb
"Is my coitus whimsically inventive?" - Chuck Lorre
"I won't say that all senior citizens who can't master technology should be publicly flogged, but if we made an example of one or two, it might give the others incentive to try harder." - Chuck Lorre
"An agnostic is a creature that is religiously skeptical whenever it is told that God exists … or that He doesn’t." - Mokokoma Mokhonoana
"When in a little corner" - Joseph Raphael Becker
"If you want to understand existence, just consider the Big Bang Singularity itself. Leave aside all other considerations. The Big Bang Singularity is beyond the scope of science. It can never be explained within the materialist, empiricist Meta Paradigm of mainstream science. The Big Bang Singularity is a wholly mathematical object completely defined by just two numbers: zero and infinity. In those two numbers (which are the flip side of each other) lies the only conceivable explanation of everything." - Mike Hockney
